this does the fact that aggravate the anti-democratic character of the european union , and i hope that mr. moscovici was well understood that mr prodi has erected today a real bulwark against these actions . by the way , i really hope that this trend will be interrupted and reversed the advice of nice and biarritz .
these negotiations , we know , are very difficult and are afraid of failure or a minimum agreement in nice , which would be even more serious , you have already agreed , mr. minister .
any other way of doing so would be a democratic deficit major .
mr chairman , mr president prodi , president of the council , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to thank the delegation of the european parliament to the convention and its president , roman herzog , for their committed work .
mr president moscovici , i ask you , with the utmost seriousness , and to think about the following thing : if you remove from behind the decision only to cologne and do not want to consider that with great difficulty the possible integration of the charter into the treaties , what encouragement to those who trample on the rights of the man would they our procrastination ?
but over there i&apos;d like to mark if not disagreement , at least shades on two points .
it was right to point out the come a long way since the fall of the wall and german reunification , it was ten years ago .
she has also made a suggestion extremely interesting on the relationship between the charter and the discussion on a possible article 7 .
this work is possible , and the study conducted by the university institute of florence is an excellent basis for the conduct of an efficient manner .
here , mr. moscovici , i do not think that we should pass the community as a whole .
now, however , we observe that the president putin practice a policy of opening to the west .
report ( a5-0235 / 2000 ) mr. skinner , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the communication from the commission entitled &quot; risk capital : proposals to continue the implementation of the plan of action &quot; ( com ( 1999 ) 493 - c5-0320 / 1999 - 1999 / 2208 ( cos ) )
n&apos; y a-t-il pas here two weights , two measures ?
recommendation for the second reading piecyk ( a5-0232 / 2000 )
at the same time , the introduction of more bus large dimensions would reduce the number of buses in circulation , which would hurt less to the environment .
risk its own capital is a very dangerous activity .
in reality , entrepreneurs are more often comparable to players who hope to touch the gold mine .
in contrast, it is precise on the right of property , the freedom of enterprise , which mainly concern the minority that has capital , the right to use and abuse it .
mr president , i abstained during the vote on the resolution concerning the charter of fundamental rights of the european union because i find this charter is still very unsatisfactory , despite some progress .
as a member of the european parliament delegation to this forum , and after working with my colleagues during eight months on the subject , i have to say that the charter of fundamental rights would have been able to represent , actually , an added value for europe, but that , in the current state of the things , we can not be satisfied, nor its content , nor the methods of work that have presided over its development .
the csu group in the european parliament is in favour of the horizontal arrangement which establishes that any new skill n&apos; is created for the community and for the union .
because we believe that the process constituting de l&apos; europe deserves a real public debate and democratic , there can be political construction of europe without social rights and without democracy .
the vote is closed .
( a5-0249 / 00 ) mr. poos , on cyprus, (com ( 1999 ) 502 - c5-0025 / 2000 - 1997 / 2171 ( cos ) ) ;
i am convinced that some countries will be able to make the preparations sufficient in this period of time .
the french presidency will immediately inform the committee that you chair , mr brok , the outcome of these negotiations as early as tuesday afternoon , as it is now the custom among us .
we intend to effect , in perfect agreement with the commissioner verheugen , engage in negotiations on 42 new chapters , which means from 4 to 9 depending on the country , as well as the portuguese presidency before us .
but the date of 1 january 2003 , which is the only one in which the union has been agreed upon , is , for the candidates as well as for us , a goal is extremely ambitious, and it is in this perspective that the presidency will mobilize all its efforts .
i&apos;m all ready , of course , to follow the debate very important that brings us together today&apos;.
the current enlargement , the most important in the history of the european unification , is morally desirable , strategically necessary and politically feasible .
if we can see that the countries engaged in the process of enlargement have already achieved , in a short period of time , the stability of their democratic systems , c&apos; is there a performance that these people have made of themselves .
for the institutions of the eu , they should be used to monitor the success of the process and to pursue the development of trading strategies .
i do refer only to agriculture , the environment , regional policy , domestic affairs and the legal and the budget . as a preparation , the commission is working on a new monitoring system that will allow us to assess precisely and at any time the state of the negotiations and implementation of real for each country .
mr chairman , minister , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we are discussing today of the brok report devoted to the progress of the process of enlargement of the european union - a topic that comes up every year .
in our eyes , paragraph 25, and the amendment that has filed my group on this subject are essential .
mr. president , the report of our colleague brok is an excellent description of the position of the european parliament .
the challenge of the reunification , more than that of the enlargement probably , is so huge that it invades or surrounds all the parliamentary debates . this explains the depth and the intensity that emerge from all of our discussions , including this morning&apos;s debate on the need to prepare for this extraordinary challenge .
the important thing is not to let it get the frustration among the candidate countries, which , we recall , even if they are waiting in the anteroom , have not yet entered walk-in l&apos; union .
our group believes that by acting in a certain way , it is quite possible that the first group can be a member at the time of the next european parliament elections , but it must act decisively to hand and, on the other .
differences regarding what is asserted in the brok report relate to as many details as points more important .
on all of these topics , the brok report , merely to talk about adaptation of reforms .
the personal involvement of the rapporteurs of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , as well as the exchange of point of view fertile which have taken place , will inevitably in the same direction .
the enlargement , as i have just said , it is a historical process , it is a duty .
it is the credibility of the union .
we create the conditions for success , because it is important that this enlargement is not a soaring , that this enlargement is not only a symbolic decision which , in turn , will create problems .
none of you should&apos; s not surprising that the leaders of the negotiations , the prime ministers , presidents of parliament , your colleagues in the national parliaments complain that things are not going fast enough - regardless of the fact that it really is a popular sport in europe .
do not fix a date can arouse disappointment , set a date too early may cause a degree of self-righteousness : so that means that we will look at the question of the date at the appropriate time , to know when we can say with a reasonable degree of certainty the date on which such or such a country will be ready for the membership or not .
we have already very widely .
before i was born , freedom and democracy had the upper hand on the oppression and the madness of the war , and a european union s&apos; was formed .
these countries are an abundant source of culture , diversity and multiple possibilities in the unified europe cannot do without .
if estonia knows adopt in the course of the negotiations, an approach that is efficient and targeted , it will have good chances of becoming one of the new the member states of the union .
the criticism and proposals contained in my report on progress urgent and necessary, in matters of administrative and social intended only to drive quickly and successfully latvia in the european union .
it is our duty to continue to support latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population .
the link still existing between the currency of lithuania and the dollar also plays a role in the matter since the litas follows the rise of the dollar compared to the euro . this causes a decrease in contracts for export of lithuania to the euro area .
c&apos; is the only possibility to improve the possibility of development for kaliningrad .
many of us believe that , in order to stimulate and maintain this support is alive , it would have been useful to indicate the dates for the accession .
a particular problem faced by the czech republic , in particular to the border with germany , is one of prostitution , in particular of child prostitution .
we are in the middle of a process of negotiations .
the problems that i&apos;ve mentioned are not insurmountable .
these policies must lead to the assimilation free , not forced , individuals belonging to this community .
the resolution and the report that concern us focus on some of the most controversial issues , namely the nuclear security , border controls , the treatment of minorities and the problem of corruption .
perhaps n&apos; is not a coincidence that this same public survey reveals that the ambassador to the european union is the second personality of the most popular in romania today .
mr president , commissioner , your rapporteur shares the opinion of the commission&apos;s report on slovenia and notes that the criticism expressed in 1998 have been a shock to be beneficial to the slovenian authorities , which have since responded by accelerating the adoption of measures necessary for the accession .
the perpetuation of the status quo , after the turkish invasion of july-august 1974 , n&apos; is not acceptable to the european union .
it was only logical that the european council of helsinki in december of last year , has given its green light , in the context of the extension of the accession negotiations , the resumption of negotiations with malta .
the trend that we note in this report encourage the polish politicians to speed up the adjustment legislation to the eu and to implement the acquis , as well as the conclusion , a few days ago , of the agreement on the liberalisation of agricultural market polish emit positive signs in this respect .
on this point , it has the full support of our committee .
allow me to address a few priority items .
that is why we do we can , to stay honest , develop continuously new barriers in these areas .
fundamentally , however, we need to consider one thing : the remarkable efforts and the absolute will of the candidate countries to the enlargement of joining the european union should be motivation enough for us to prepare ourselves to this expansion .
mr. president , we may have a tendency to think that the accession of new member states automatically assume that these have to meet more stringent standards in the field of protection of the environment and nature .
mr president , when pandora opened the box , all of the ills of humanity were released .
that is why my report dedicates a large part of its recommendations to the need to encourage the phare programme to do more in the area of health and to get countries to cooperate from now on, in the framework of programmes of action in the field of health and in other sectors .
it is necessary to begin to talk about the development of the european integrated and multi-centred .
we have heard something about the theme of the carrot in the area of policy and the regional promotion .
there are a number of other points raised by the committee on regional policy in its report .
in order to avoid that the same scenario does not repeat itself , it is essential to ensure that the enlargement does not benefit not only to men but also for women .
the fact that the spirits are more weighted n&apos; is that a proof - j&apos; i warned earlier in the same terms of the colleagues of central europe - that we are past the honeymoon to the normal reality of the household .
the results of the intergovernmental conference depend on the conditions inevitable that the european union could undertake its enlargement .
the group of the greens and regionalist militate in favour of a conclusion of the negotiations with the first group of candidate countries at the end of 2002 , so that the first accessions can be held before the next european elections in 2004 .
the various reports will reflect the main current .
barely out of your old prison , does not enter in a new one .
i believe precisely that already moving too fast to six , and then fifteen , we have demonstrated our inability to build a europe that respects the differences of its first members .
we will see a strengthening of the competition and an acceleration of the process of reforms , including in western europe .
at various stages , however , measures have been taken , during and after the second world war , which do not correspond obviously not to the copenhagen criteria, given the spirit that prevailed at the time , but , be that as it may , it is these laws that was developed the architecture ideological and policy of this period , including the treaties of peace .
for all these reasons , and on the basis of our own experience in greece , our opposition to the enlargement of the european union is the expression of a fraternal solidarity to the workers and , in general , peoples and countries that are candidates for accession .
it is imperative that the accession negotiations between the romania and the european union detail exactly what the government of romania needs to improve the standards and quality of the orphanages of this country .
in the report of mr. gawronski , the commission, for example, is invited to consider appropriate measures in order to promote the development and strengthening of synergies between poland , lithuania and the russian region of kaliningrad .
mr verheugen , as chairman of the committee on agriculture and rural development , i took advantage of the opportunity to visit the candidate countries for the accession .
the report poos emphasizes that democracy , cyprus , works to perfection , for the respect of human rights and freedoms is the cornerstone of the social tradition and culture of the island , and that the social structures of the country are significantly centred on the human person .
the audiovisual sector is very important .
mr president , the debate today focuses on the major challenge of this millennium change : to unify europe to establish peace and security , and to foster development in the areas of social , economic and environmental .
mr president , as a member of the delegation to eu-lithuania joint parliamentary , i would like to support the remarks ms. hoff has made in its report .
discrimination flagrant are committed in other countries , such as poland and malta .
it is a process that achieves with varying success , but he is the bearer of a lot of hope to the extent that these citizens will become one day the citizens of the union and will therefore be specially called to establish links with their country of origin .
so, stop wanting to replace the principle &quot; to each according to its results &quot; for &quot; each one according to his results, but my elections first of all &quot; .
its cooperation with the international community during the kosovo conflict and its role in a balanced manner at the time are essential for the whole region .
among these efforts include the privatization and the restructuring of the economy .
the people who are ignorant and excluded can not form a society of the information but are the sign of his failure .
member states could do more in their operations semi-detached to help the candidate countries to develop their administrative capacity .
these regions of europe are ready , especially cyprus .
the enlargement consists of a grouping of economic forces , it must be recognized , but this consolidation will also be able to produce , in the matter of economy , significant gains in the future , increasing the extent of the market and the growth on our continent .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the importance and the scope of the historic opportunity that is offered to us d&apos; unite our continent in peace cannot be ignored .
here , it is necessary to add that we must be willing to apply them at the administrative level .
as a vice president of our joint parliamentary committee eu-czech republic , i know that it is the case in the czech republic and i presume that it&apos;s the same for other countries .
the ten years of participation of the unified germany in the european union are for us a story of solidarity that it is necessary now to share with others , even if the enlargement is not only a question of solidarity .
this tension makes the model &quot; eea &quot; reasoned because it is awarded to candidates from the application period .
after the horrors of two world wars and fifty years of oppression and dictatorship communists , in the course of which have been trodden under foot , in the name of the class struggle , the dignity of the human - universal value as much as christian , democracy , religious freedom, and the&apos; environment , it is time to unify finally our continent, and this part of the world .
it should be made clear to all the countries that the entry in the european union does not lead directly to the entry in the economic and monetary union and the access to the euro area . the times are different .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , yesterday , the president of the commission said in his speech that the one that weakens a body of the european union weakens the whole of the european union .
mr president , it is with great enthusiasm , and for my part with it is a lot of interest , that we will approve today the reports on the enlargement with the candidate countries , including the czech republic, to which mr. jurgen schroder has devoted his report .
in my opinion , and i took advantage of the presence of a former attorney-general of the irish to say , the commission has not yet demonstrated the determination required to resolve this case .
( a5-0257 / 2000 ) ms. paulsen , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the the council on undesirable substances and products in animal nutrition &#91; com ( 1999 ) 654 - c5-0344 / 1999 - 1999 / 0259 ( cod ) &#93;
c&apos; is there a central point and the essential part of the prevention work .
they will not be able to actually trust if the control is subject to significant differences of a member state or of a region to the other .
may not , as for me , sacrificing the security of food on the altar of profit lobbies agro-food , i removed my name from the report .
at the time of the establishment of maximum values , we must keep to the mind that the nature has its own laws , that the crops vary and that , in the end , the farmer suffers because of the environmental effects on which he can have no influence .
we boarded the same way all the other areas related to the prohibition of dilution .
this directive is the first link of a long series of decisions relating to food security .
of course zero risk is impossible . however , it is important to implement a system of alert .
we do not question the report paulsen , we are absolutely in agreement with its content .
the commissioner must know that in my country , the independent advisory committee for matters relating to food for animals feared that a prohibition of this magnitude n&apos; leads to the displacement of blending operations outside the eu , where they are less likely to be well monitored and controlled before a future market penetration of the union .
i am pleased that the epp-ed group has withdrawn its proposal for amendment on the problem of dilution .
to my eyes , &quot; from the barn to the stall &quot; is the expression of the year in the field of consumer policy of the eu and does not suffer almost no competition .
unfortunately , in the future , criminal acts will not be totally excluded , in spite of all our efforts .
mr president , this directive constitutes an element of the package of measures consistent planned in order effectively to guarantee the safety of all stages of the food chain .
if the legislation on hygiene shortcomings in this regard , it is necessary to reconsider .
then , the commission cannot accept the amendment 27, by which the parliament proposes to remove the possibility of defining criteria of acceptability for raw materials to feed the animals that have been subjected to some of the decontamination process .
the amendments 39 and 40 , who propose to remove the possibility of bringing of the limits of action , are equally unacceptable .
the commission cannot accept the amendments 5 and 22 related to the system of early warning in their current wording .
the order of the day is the report ( a5-0233 / 2000 ) mr graefe zu baringdorf , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council amending council directive 79 / 373 / eec on the marketing of compound feedingstuffs ( com ( 1999 ) 744 - c5-0020 / 2000 - 2000 / 0015 ( cod ) ) .
commissioner byrne , we are very satisfied .
the producers have the obligation to prove the composition of compound feed for animals by providing , in case of request , detailed information , in order to partially reverse the burden of proof, but also to minimize the effort of control within the member states .
the issue of genetically engineered grains should be resolved also that here .
the standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .
c&apos; is easy , but for ten years it revolves around the jar of flour .
j&apos; plans to more critically the protection clause , which grants rights to the commission to take its own measures , without engaging in consultations with the member states .
to have accurate data is a second step , is also necessary .
thus , within the council , a majority very important d&apos; member states &apos; n&apos; is not favourable to the idea of making it mandatory indication in a systematic , on the labels , the precise composition of compound feedingstuffs for animals of the report .
madam president , i regret to inform you and the assembly , a new tragedy maritime .
( the president cut the floor to the speaker )
the text of the given question would be as follows , i quote : &quot; in considering c ) considering that the situation of the roma still do not receive the proper attention , whereas the discrimination of the roma (gypsies should be seriously taken into account by the hungarian government , through the adoption of a set of positive measures that can lead to assimilation free individuals belonging to this community , considering that it is necessary to find a solution through the creation of an office of the minorities and to theadoption of a legislation in the medium term , measures that will foster the integration of roma in hungarian society . &quot;
mr chairman , i just wanted to clarify that there is no more then of considering a but , that, in agreement with mr. martelli , there is a new article 1 .
. i have voted against the brok report on the enlargement of the european union , because even if it is evidence of lucidity of the technical point of view , it follows designs misguided policies on the future of europe .
the extension of the union , at least in a first step , more than 100 millions of new citizens , and will give a new impetus to the development and the integration of the european economy as a whole .
his report clearly raises the issues and objectives of the enlargement , in the field of regional policy , and this , in terms of both political and financial .
of the preparatory measures extend over long periods of time and transitional regulations and individuals often covering many years have been necessary .
we need to bring an appropriate response to an enlargement, which will significantly increase the number of regions disadvantaged , think together at the risk of exacerbation of the imbalances within the european space in order to avoid that the europe is that a vast heterogeneous .
so , where are the &quot; advanced &quot; for people who have never been consulted ?
i am afraid that this collection of reports relating to the country reports and the crusaders&apos; s prove to be counter-productive , especially in countries which have introduced a request for accession to the european union , in particular the countries of central and eastern europe .
and when i see what has been achieved up to the present date in the matter at the intergovernmental conference , we can not be particularly proud of, and we should first put our own house , instead of requiring the part of the candidate countries to make the first steps that we are ourselves not able to accomplish .
c&apos; is the reason why , with my fellow members of the national front , we would like to avoid the need for the nations of the&apos; europe&apos; is the error in a &quot; decay &quot; in the union of european-american .
it is necessary to consider , now , new instruments and new forms of intervention for the benefit of all the areas where are reported deficiencies in infrastructure and networks of services such as , for example , the south of italy .
it would be desirable that the governments of the candidate countries continue to strengthen their administrative capacity , so that the&apos; acquis communautaire can be applied in these countries as early as before the accession .
and more than tedious exégèses accounting , it is this feeling - or lack thereof - that will determine our choice in the matter of enlargement when the time came , because the construction european no longer has any sense if it ceases to be above all political .
i take this opportunity to greet the elderly and retired people of poland , in which some of the rest , are organized in a pensioners &apos; party , analogous to the pensioners &apos; party, which i represent in the framework of the european union .
a restructuring of the agricultural sector seems to s&apos; impose in a country where the rural population accounts for 38 % of the total population, and 4.9 % of gdp, and where the agricultural employment is estimated to 27.4 % compared to 5 % in the european union .
mr president , i delighted that this assembly has adopted , by a majority of over 90 % , the excellent report by our colleague, mr schroder , who qualifies , for the second consecutive year , the benes decrees as contrary to international law and human rights , and emphasizes that they are contrary to the acquis communautaire as well as with the copenhagen criteria .
as l&apos; said mr wiersma in his report , i highlight the progress made by the slovak republic on the protection of minorities .
report van orden ( a5-0241 / 2000 )
. () i welcome the report winterbourne on the request of accession of romania to the european union, and i agree with most of the conclusions that pulls the rapporteur .
on the contrary , i look forward to see cyprus among us , but i cannot accept this impartiality , in particular, in paragraph 4 , and the fact that the report does not insist , at least , on the need for a political settlement before accession .
as has been pointed out by mr soto , we do not expect the progress to be easy , and the success of the process of the united nations is far from being guaranteed .
it is essential to launch of the projects involving the two communities and to encourage the dialogue between the two parties in a new spirit of trust .
of an economic point of view , the accession of cyprus should not pose major problems , given that the country enjoys a market economy and a high standard of living .
mr president , of course , the pensioners &apos; party is particularly food safety and food , it is therefore rightly that i have voted for the report paulsen .
these are , for example , hectoliters of milk contaminated with dioxin, which could be legally dissolved in milk healthy .
we must continue to denounce the violations of human rights perpetrated in burma .
those of us who are sufficiently to feel comfortable and to the shelter for shaping their own work environment and social design hard-discrimination appalling that some are facing on a daily basis , sometimes at the risk of their lives .
what a picture of the world may well have a child growing up in an environment that treats differently from the others under the pretext that it is a girl , or that it is part of an ethnic minority , or that he has a disability, or a homosexual ?
during the interviews , people from families with social problems , structures of district or being with disabilities are often denied .
they fear that they will have to hire people to the values and beliefs which they can&apos;t&apos; s invalid .
she wanted to go to the restaurant , but he was refused entry on the grounds that its physical appearance would flee the other customers .
the committee of the rights and freedoms of citizens has always tried to demonstrate that this approach fragmented gave a wrong political signal , as if there was a hierarchy of discrimination .
the fight against the discrimination concerns us all .
this parliament is preparing to send , through our votes , a clear message to all of our citizens to tell them that we fully intend to improve the the results achieved by the member states on the guarantee of equal treatment , regardless of age , race , disability or sexual orientation .
if c is a sample of what awaits us in the future , i hope that we will submit a lot of other .
i would also like to compliment mr. mann for the result of his work , which is presented to us in the present report .
the fact remains that the report presented by our colleague cashman contains good things , including the place that is given to the ngos .
we have also decided with good reason not to include discrimination based on gender in the directive, given that it is already the subject of a european directive, individual , which is also improved by the proposals of the commission and which rests on a legal basis more solid , on which the parliament has, moreover, of a power of co-decision .
the company must develop in the matter complementary concepts for policy and practice .
dear colleagues , i would like to recall that in europe , each time that it has applied the principle of the prohibition , l,&apos; we then had to walk back . this occurred in germany , when you wanted to suppress the neo-nazi parties .
the italian president has sent you this morning at this assembly and i have listened with interest to say that this union was not made for the purpose of denying the national values .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this week is an important week for the debates of our assembly .
thus , for the first time , the intervention is different : there is no question of a rain of funding , but check the quality interventions , on which it insists . these interventions should then be controlled and their results published .
that is why we will support the amendment 18 at the mann report , which calls for the member states to repeal all national penal provisions which constitute discrimination against homosexuals .
in france , numerous examples bear witness to this .
and the national rights of our 15 countries are also seeing discrimination , including the socialist france , france mr. jospin , the socialist .
mr president , the vote of the directive of the council for the equality of treatment at work extends the prohibition of discrimination for reasons beyond the racial , ethnic, and other , which serve as a springboard to discrimination, and to which article 13 refers to .
mr. president , madam commissioner , a part of the debate proves , in fact , that we have here in need of a directive , because if we say that europe is mixed way of centralization of a domain which is expected in the bottom face of the member states , and knowing what&apos;s happened over the previous period in many countries of europe - even yesterday at the tv , there was again a bunch of reports on attacks against jewish synagogues , about the rape of a woman of foreign origin , etc. it is necessary to still have the guts to dare to come and say that europe did not need a directive to combat discrimination .
i have two messages .
so i think that it is necessary to involve the public and private sector and , in this sense , i feel that the public sector must show the example .
article 13 of the treaty of amsterdam has posed a challenge to the european union by entrusting to the community specific powers to launch a varied set of actions to fight against the discrimination , so that the same level of protection to be guaranteed to all disadvantaged groups .
we need to support the amendment 37 of the committee on employment and social affairs , which also provides for exceptions in the matter of religion or belief for the incoming people directly in contact with members of this belief in the framework of the education , social welfare or health care , such as teachers in religious schools , the doctors and nurses in hospitals and hospices , the people visiting detainees , the advisors and assistants of life for children , the elderly , young people , married couples , for which these services socially desirable are provided by church bodies .
i congratulate the rapporteur and , in conclusion , i will vote these reports , with the exception of the point that i have mentioned .
mr. president , madam commissioner , the task to which we are working is to convert it into political practice, article 13 of the the treaty .
i would also like to thank the committees concerned for their support and collaboration in order to arrive at an opinion coordinated in a short period of time .
there are three categories of amendments .
the commission is ready to simplify the wording of article 5 in order for this provision to be better understood .
we all know that it is very important , but i have to clarify that in some member states , the collection of this kind of data is in breach of the constitutional provisions on the protection of the private life .
i had to answer more 50 points and amendments different , and i think i can say that these amendments will be adopted during the french presidency .
you can&apos;t claim to respect democracy and human rights if you do not take the necessary measures to prevent weapons of death and the repression of falling into the wrong hands .
it is clear that a good number of weapons ending up in the wrong hands because of the activity of the brokers in arms .
in this sense , the report titley is particularly effective and highlights not only the merits but also the shortcomings , the boundaries of the report that was presented to us , as well as to the practicability of the code of conduct .
we strive always to a regulation , which is more restrictive and more current having regard to the developments on the market and in the industry of the armament .
mr president , despite his unquestionable merits , the report is technical and is being held at a security framework, and a model based on military force , which gives a weight disproportionate to the considerations of the military industry .
on the basis of this consideration , i plead for clarity : what criteria prevails in the case of a contradiction between the criteria put forward by mr titley ?
the code has already strengthened the mutual understanding of the policies of the member states , it has put in place a mechanism of effective consultation and has stimulated dialogue about the implementation of its provisions .
several of these projects are in progress or in the study .
by its resolution of 18 may 2000 , your assembly has supported committed to this project . its implementation is now launched .
these proposals will s&apos; add to a set of specialist communications representative as many other contributions to the realisation of the european research area .
c&apos; is an important role that he must play .
mr. commissioner , i would like to draw your attention to a question posed for a very long time, all those who are engaged in research .
there are new formulas to defend .
but on this subject , i would still say it in front of the parliament that it is important that this need , which is expressed and which is, moreover, an engine of economic development and innovation in this area , to be taken into account at the level of the meda and at the level of all the programs of external relations .
and if i can&apos;t give you , as of today , the answer is that i wanted to be precise , in this note d&apos; orientation , invite the member states to take a position , because it n&apos; there will be no d&apos; european research area that does that to the will of the commission .
in regard to the programme on the ecsc , you know that there has been an agreement and that the search will continue .
i have to be accountable not only to the court of auditors , to the taxpayers , but first of all to the european parliament , which is responsible for controlling and approving the budget and i think it is my role and my duty to say , at the moment i deem advisable , what is happening , and to do so in a transparent way , by respect for the budgetary authority that is the european parliament .
i believe that the ball is in your camp , your services have the elements , but they must be able to give an answer .
i believe that , on the 102 spd, which must be signed , 83 of which are currently being negotiated . i&apos;m talking about memory .
as the honourable member of your assembly has noted , the excise duty applied by the united kingdom on the gasoline and the diesel used as a fuel are the highest in europe , but the excise duty on fuel oil and kerosene , to the extent that these are used for industrial and commercial purposes or for heating , these excise duty , and the excise duty on heavy fuel oil , remain well below the highest values applied in the eu .
therefore , i repeat , the commission has no means for that member states shall amend the level of excise duty .
the logic of the economic reasoning supports the statement of mr. martin .
however , if i had a particular case illustrating his point , that of a particular region , or what do i know , i would be delighted to advise my colleague, mr barnier .
the abolition of borders constitutes, without a doubt, a significant progress, but we must, however, be able to prepare for these minorities .
this means a reduction or phasing-out of activities across a range of sectors .
how would you consider the thing , if the swedish government , during its period of presidency , was the demonstration of the power in regard to the recovery of the financial assistance to the ecpat sweden ?
remove this help , so this would be to go against the priority that the council and the parliament have wanted to be attributed to the fight against trafficking pedophiles .
i am extremely grateful to the commissioner &apos; s be shown brief , but clear on the issue .
this regulation , very complete , key in several points the regulation of hunting .
i would like the commission to give us the absolute guarantee that the rules contained in this document and shall in no case apply to the meat of hunted animals for family consumption .
i will present to the the council and the european parliament a report on the implementation in the member states of the community legislation on the protection of animals during transport .
as well as i have indicated , the commission is currently working on a report on the functioning of a directive relating to the carriage of animals in the member states .
these criteria are currently the subject of a discussion .
in regard to these aspects , the commission has already prepared a mandate for the standardization institutes so that they develop standards on the use of computers for long periods .
its author is not present , the issue # 12 is null and void .
it must be said that if we avoid all political contact with the governments or regimes which we disagree totally the attitude towards human rights , officials and heads of the governments would travel much less abroad .
aung san suu kyi insists for a long time for such a dialogue takes place .
in such circumstances , it may well be that such a mission could be justified .
the member states of the eu provide the essential part of the budget of the osce , and the european commission has also provided 5 million euros for equipment intended for procedures of registration .
it just so happens that i was present at these elections among 200 other observers , coming from 52 countries .
mr president , as other have already done today , i congratulate mr titley of its report .
mr president , the defence industry in the eu is certainly important , but the peace in the world &apos; s is at least as much .
it is extremely disconcerting to see the other european countries&apos; s involved at present in the production of arms .
the arms trade presents the singularity that it is the poor countries, which are mainly the buyers , of the countries which , for no matter what else , don&apos;t find money , but that are to buy weapons .
in its first report , the committee of independent experts pointed out that the internal control and the internal audit constituted activities completely separate - even in the conflict , which does not belong to the same department .
secondly , the proposal of the european commission would have the effect of imposing to all the institutions in the obligation to appoint an internal auditor .
the parliament has not yet received the official text of the proposal, but we were able to see a pre-release version and if i am hoping that the full text will soon be forwarded to the parliament , i also understand the desire of the commission to ensure that the text is legally and linguistically impeccable .
it is also important to retain the possibility of using an ex-ante control independent , structurally decentralized without a doubt , but that is certainly not subordinate to the director-general is located at the head of the branch, which is the subject of the control .
gold , up to the present we know nothing, and as long as it will be so , i recommend to this assembly of accompany the process of reform of the european commission with a certain scepticism .
i believe that the committee on budgetary control has held important discussions on this topic, and the commission is certainly well informed when it has constantly on this expertise in the pursuit of its reforms .
to the difference of the internal audit , financial control classical already verifies the budget process before contracts are signed and payments made .
there is a certain lack of interest , which i am certain that the commissioner will take good notes so that we reach the faster the objective of this reform, the report of which hulten mark the beginning .
i would like to thank the two committees - the committee on budgetary control and the committee on budgets - for the debate of a high-intensity, and the rapporteurs , messrs van hulten and dell&apos; alba , who has not been able to be present here today .
i find this proposal so wise that i do not regret the&apos; have i even imagined .
it goes without saying that we do not claim to a legislative harmonisation in the field of protection of minors , not only because , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , each member state is sovereign in the field , but also because the designs cultural and moral, and , therefore , the assessments of these themes , differ considerably from one country to the other . there is not , for example , no single definition of the concept of a minor , violence , etc .
i believe that we need to educate children to benefit as appropriate to the media , and encourage parents to teach their children to watch what that is worth the money, and to leave aside the rest .
it should, however, be alike insist on the fact that he would not be proud to be the only establishment of filtering mechanisms to ensure a supply of selected programs, and hold harmless by the way, the broadcasters of their responsibilities .
allow me to share with you , in conclusion , the concern of the liberal group in relation to the offer increasing of television programmes involving violence and sex .
therefore, it is essential that all the parties involved , starting with the children and through their parents , their teachers , the countries , the european union , to end with the broadcasters and producers of programs , consult each other on this theme, and learn how it should behave and react to all these proposals and the effects they can have on people .
it is not here a question of generalizing or simplify , even if the time limit is counted in the the european parliament , but the examples are many .
but the subsidiarity must be used to do something , and not before .
the objective of such a study will be to assess the effectiveness of the proposed approach , an approach based on the principles of self-regulation , and my services have just started work and have sent a questionnaire to the member states .
no one has more respect than me to mrs reding and the staff that it runs within the commission . so i am sure that , when it will meet this evening , she will be able to clarify the points that i have raised and that it is simply not to pronounce a prepared statement .
c&apos; is the reason for which the question of researchers should be maintained , mr evans .
c&apos; is wrong , i believe that the commission has deprived .
i am very excited about the fact that the rapporteur has taken account of the possibilities of the citizens of the candidate countries to be concerned by the recommendations in the areas of mobility .
despite some opinions of the courts , the recommendations of the commissioners and the actions carried out at the level of the council , nothing has been done to address the situation of these readers , the status of which has been reduced by the italian minister of education .
mrs reding , commissioner busquin and its directorate-general do not occupy or the training of researchers , nor the problem of the recognition of the third cycles or the training of doctors .
mr president , dear colleagues , thank you , first of all, to the rapporteur , but also to all those who are committed , in the competent committee and in this forum , for that mobility becomes a reality .
our heads of state and government , the regional governments , national , realized that the education has a role to play if we want to develop the economic , if we want to develop the social .
mr president , it is a great honour for me to welcome you to the european parliament .
once again , we will guide the destinies of our continent , as they had to make the big men&apos; state of the 50s .
the economic recovery in the eu is today a fact . so let&apos;s use the current weakness of the euro , which promotes the excellent competitiveness of our prices , to speed up the rebound of productivity and innovation can generate so much in the field of instruments and methods of production that of organization of the markets .
and this conquest is at this point gained as the consciousness that we will weakening . two generations from now on , only know that this europe , made of interdependence and open borders .
this emerging sector opens up for the women a wider access to the world of work .
the second theme of this conference of the ministers will focus on the relationship between family life and professional life .
first of all , the guidelines for the employment , this time , have been supplemented with quantified objectives . it is thus proposed to increase the rate of women in employment to 60 % by 2010 .
the expectations of the civil society are strong , and this has not escaped the attention of members of the convention, which wished to have a charter &quot; genderly correct &quot; .
the participation of women on the labour market is much less than that of men , this difference&apos; s increasing, in some countries , in particular in the southern europe .
it just so happens that i am a man ! but in the european union , the men and the women don&apos;t have the same chances of success .
it perhaps deserves to be pointed out in this chamber .
the mainstreaming has been several times cited here, and i can only m&apos; to associate with what has been said , to know that , at the level of the economic policy, for example , it is important to consider the aspect of a man and a woman .
the woman , by a choice of the nature , is the one that bears the future of humanity in his breast .
it is annoying all the same , those women who , from the bottom of their kitchen , or accounts of their household , refuse the bright future of the euro .
the report that we have before us however lies on a strained interpretation of the principle of equality .
the human being is a creature that is autonomous and responsible in its relations with , on the one hand , god - its creator - and , secondly , its similar .
there are already three years of it !
with a percentage of women of 30 % , the european parliament is ahead of the other institutions .
in virtually all sectors of activity , there are still deep inequalities .
i thank him for his commitment and energetic his work reflected in favour of equality between the sexes .
the women are forced to temporary work , exposed more strongly to precarious employment and unemployment , paid an average of 30 % less than men .
that is why we must assess the real situation of women , we need to develop indicators , we must continue to give a binding force to our political action , so that the progress will be beneficial to all and not just a few .
it is obvious , and the associative that i am - because i , too, like many of you , i have a golf associative d&apos; thirty years - knows how many associative movements , feminist movements , the movements, intellectuals , of course , have worked to advance this subject , and we , today , we are at our place, in our role as a liability , an institutional role .
i do not despair when even improve this text .
i do support the report&apos;s observations and suggestions of the members who have spoken of the need to change the nature of the report .
mr president , commissioner , this morning , we are going to vote the common position of the council by which we will definitely reform of the community customs code .
finally , the amendment 11 , which requested the amendment to the community customs code comes into force before 1 january 2000 , no longer has any meaning .
i believe that , once again , the procedure of conciliation , the agreement between the institutions , has worked well .
the community customs code, in effect, has made it possible to harmonise and simplify the legislation of a transparent manner - which should always be the final goal .
if one considers the fragile equilibrium that characterizes the record , i think that the outcome of a conciliation procedure - assuming that this debate should be extended - would be rather uncertain .
mr. chairman , with regard to the last vote , i would just like to inform the assembly of the fact that the commission has published yesterday , a press release and that the commissioner reding s&apos; is expressed yesterday evening in such a way that , in regard to the report that we have to adopt, on the mobility of teachers , students , teachers and members of the educational community in general , the report aimed to help them to travel to europe to study , work or conduct any activity related to the field of education , the commission will accept none of the amendments asking him to do anything to ensure that these agreements will be respected .
mr president , it is also an error of translation which does not have the same scope as that which has just been raised .
we , democrats , are supporting this fact - in the interests of a profitable operation of the internal market - the request addressed by the legal affairs committee to the commission so that the latter develops a legislative proposal on the place of birth of the customs debt .
this proposal , if it is a step in the right direction n&apos; does not least many gaps which the evans report fix it .
our position on the recommendation of the european parliament and of the council on the subject of free movement in the eu is positive in principle , but we would like to mention the following elements :
it is necessary to integrate into the agreements of association which have been concluded or will be concluded between the european union and the candidate countries of rules that prohibit discrimination of the group protected by article 13 .
ordinary principles of the rule of law are thus gradually changed under the influence of a design extremist of the fight against discrimination , which the european parliament and the commission are only too happy to rally to put their nose in all national laws .
it seemed to me essential to broaden the scope of application of the program in order to ensure the implementation of article 13 of the treaty .
in addition , the snp believes this directive as a means to attain the objectives underlying the european union, acknowledging that the equality in the field of the employment in the fight against social exclusion, and contributes to the increase of the mobility of citizens within the union .
c&apos; is already very difficult for the authorities .
it is a very complex area and the proposals are both ambitious and far-reaching .
they also imply discrimination against individuals and organizations, whereas the holy scriptures as the expression of the divine word , the infallible rule governing the whole thing , binding these loyal to employ those who propagate and perform sex acts in total contradiction with the ethics of the holy scriptures .
this distinction night to the transparency of the financial regulation .
although we had to the sympathy in relation to the idea of a regulatory policy of the european production and export of arms , we are skeptical with regard to the report titley , foremost for the following reasons :
i support the report of my colleague , gary titley , and considers that the responsible business practices in the matter of arms are part of the&apos; acquis communautaire , and that , therefore , the candidate countries should be involved in the development of the code of conduct on exports of arms , code of conduct, which should be legally binding .
the european states have sold weapons to indonesia in which the army is involved in the killings in east timor , maluku .
once again , we see this delicate and sensitive to the protection of our children - that will provide the companies of tomorrow - to become the object of marketing , with a view to profit even more .
the miners are different from adults .
i m &apos; will be personally involved in order that , at european level , the governments of the union shall implement the relevant legislation in order to put in place the protection mechanisms necessary that i told you about .
the report 1998 examines in particular the phenomenon of unemployment and the economic impact of the under-employment of women .
equality of opportunity in the workplace , the social participation in health and elsewhere , can only be conceived in a framework of political reactionaries who , in the whole , undermine human dignity , without any perspective of social fairness - a company of unemployment , under-employment , welfare state , a society of pricing and mercantilisation of the human value .
b5-0784 / 2000 mr salafranca sanchez-neyra , on behalf of the group of the european people&apos;s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on the crisis situation in peru ;
the support that the united states has brought to this character was against these aspirations , and this influence must be offset by another influence , a positive one , the part of the european union , in support of the rights of man and of the full democratic development .
it is appropriate that the european union&apos;s&apos; implies and that it should do so quickly .
that is why the commission is investigating this time with member states how to concrete assistance may be brought in the best conditions for the preparation of elections pluralistic and democratic and of their control .
the fundamental political problem , as stated in the resolution , which is also the way to try to influence the situation in afghanistan , c&apos; is to put pressure on the big neighbour that is pakistan . j&apos; y would add also the other big neighbour , the people&apos;s republic of china , with which pakistan has d&apos; excellent relations , with which pakistan is working at the level military , at the nuclear level .
the resolution prepared by the groups as a whole , and that&apos; i have the honour to defend here , goes in that direction .
the eu would do so again good figure out if it was on the road a policy initiative within the united nations , in order to achieve a peaceful solution of the conflicts that tear afghanistan .
the resolution of emergency , today put to the vote , request that the concerns expressed by the parliament repeatedly , to be translated into concrete initiatives .
the thorny question that arises now is whether this barbarism religious enough to create a front of international opposition against the hosts of the conspirator jihad , osama bin laden .
human rights
currently , for example , a colombian priest , oliveiro medina , is located in brazil .
in this regard , i would like to emphasize the fact that the commission supports the peace efforts of the president pastrana and is doing everything in its power to promote a lasting peace in colombia .
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i think that this resolution is important because it speaks of a positive decision of the macedonian government , and unfortunately not all of the political forces of macedonia , the law on the higher education that will eventually allow young people from minorities , and in particular the albanian minority , to study in their native language .
in an extraordinary way , this collaboration resulted in a proposal for a law which has been approved in parliament by a majority of mps .
mr president , i willingly join my voice to that of joost lagendijk to extol the merits of mr van der stoel .
mr president , when the reconciliation between france and-german , the general de gaulle spoke of the &quot; peace of the brave &quot; , implying a compromise sustainable for the patriots of the two sides .
the assignment of the funds is provided in the financing proposal which is presented today - may be precisely this time to the phare management committee .
it is striking to note that the government and the shipping company &apos; s mark as to say that the &quot; samina &quot; complied with all safety standards .
mr. papoutsis has already been &quot; dismantled &quot; a very important service of his ministry , the direction of the inspection of ships trade .
i hope that today , and that in the days and weeks to come , the european commission, we will indicate the measures that it intends to take to the detriment of the member states who are negligent in the field of maritime safety .
equally dangerous is the conduct of the control authorities and the classification society that , by operating as a business for private profit , is in fact controlled by the shipowners themselves that it is supposed to control .
the first king of greece was a bavarian . and this is reflected even today to the extent that a number particularly important to the bavarian go on vacation in this wonderful country .
the competent member of the commission , ms. vice-president de palacio , so has the intention to integrate into its programme of work for 2001 the question of the revision of the directive in force in respect of the standards of safety for vessels intended for the carriage of passengers .
the order of the day is the statement of the high representative for the common foreign and security policy on the situation of the peace process in the middle east and on the elections in yugoslavia .
hope that in the course of the next few hours , i will be able to give you better news . unfortunately , i can only do it for the moment .
the serbian people will then have the opportunity to do in the new part of the family of the european peoples and to work with its neighbours to the construction of a peaceful and stable future .
but the camp david was not a failure either . the gap between the parties has been substantially reduced and some themes taboos difficult could be overcome .
in the same way as other speakers , i would like to express my concern compared to what is password and at the same time i would like to declare that , as soon as one speaks of this region , one has the impression of treading a minefield and that , regardless of what anyone says , it is sure to get some feedback .
it&apos; s been waiting for a long time to an explosion; it is difficult to believe in peace when , since the signing of the agreements , the settlers are passed 141 000 to more than 200 000 ; when one has no work to feed her children , like my friend talal, who is a mason in the colonies , perhaps on a land that belonged to his family ; difficult when the soldiers prevent you from you move .
the latest reports that i have received - and i regret having to leave the parliament in order to get to paris immediately - indicate that the building of the parliament has been invaded by the demonstrators in belgrade and that the premises are currently in the hands of the opposition .
it is absolutely necessary to get out of a dangerous stalemate , in which each partner considered unthinkable the sovereignty of the other sacred sites, which are consubstantial .
israel should not be the only one to be ordered if the palestinian leaders continue to use the violence in the guise d &apos; option to the negotiations .
we can only hope that all these members of the army and of the police - in the final analysis , they are all men who are there to serve the people and not a dictator as milosevic - raviseront and that they don&apos;t undertake anything against the peaceful demonstrators .
we always have the objective - and i accedes to it - for a new yugoslavia , yugoslavia with independent states , kosovo and montenegro , but we don&apos;t need to know a new dislocation , a new dispute , a new conflict , a new violence , this is not our goal . on the contrary , a new yugoslavia should see the light of day , a democratic yugoslavia , where the peoples remain voluntarily , not under compulsion , not by the brutality , but because they are convinced of the possibility to see the birth of a federation with a democratic future , a democratic future with other leaders , without milosevic , which may then - in a time-as yet unknown - to be brought before the court of justice in the hague , because we want justice , but justice with peace .
d &apos; a in general , don&apos;t tell &quot; serbia belongs to the europe &quot; , you have the rest discovered very recently .
s &apos; will be there for the greatest common denominator, or a large majority in the council - the answer remains unresolved .
statement of the president on yugoslavia
thank you , mr rübig .
before you make a few comments concrete on the issues raised by this proposal for a decision , i would like to express our support to the latter, given that it endorse the position of the parliament on relations between the european union and croatia .
it has already managed to enact laws aimed at these objectives .
c&apos; is the reason for which you should also proceed to the recovery of the economy .
we all share the opinion that it is necessary to help politically croatia , but a political support also means a financial support for the political stability still requires the social and economic stability, and this can only be achieved if the necessary investment has been made in this area .
one-third of croatia was busy , and this is only after many years that this country has been able to be reunited, and that democracy could be introduced , which - and it is also necessary to stress that has led to a peaceful change of government .
until 1918 , these two regions were of the parties dissenting from hungary with a language , culture and identity own , which are opposed to the authorities, the public official .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the past interventions , as well as the debates of the day yesterday and today , have shown that despite the need to increase , as we all applauded , guarantees in general and guarantees for loans from the eib in particular , we believe that it should be a project together for this region and a sustainable agreement , as well as a reflection and decision-making , policy and economic policy .
i would like to thank , on behalf of the committee , mr. seppännen for its report on the proposal to extend the guarantee granted by the community to the european investment bank for loans for projects in croatia .
( the sitting adjourned at 9 : 45 ) .
c&apos; is in your name that i&apos; address their loved ones our deepest condolences as well as our deep sympathy .
altogether , mr rübig . i will do so .
you know the situation in gibraltar , where is a british nuclear submarine in failure .
i hope that we will be able to come back soon on the question of the thousands of other political prisoners in burma and on the absence of democracy that is affecting this country .
they have made the dream of building a federal state with the president spinelli , for example , that is to say, to transform our treaties in a constitution .
someone does it wish to intervene in favour of this request ?
mr. verheugen gave the impression that , in the present state of things , ten countries will enter the european union in 2005 and it has also called into question - and this is the aspect of the more serious - the meaning of majority voting in the council of ministers , which we consider as the element of reform is fundamental to the nice summit .
i thank you , madam palacio .
in the end , we find ourselves here in the presence of all the elements that argue in favor of rejection of the request for lifting of the parliamentary immunity of mr. pacheco pereira and , therefore , the socialist group is attached to the proposal of mr. maccormick not have access to this request .
we therefore ask that this method to be strengthened, and that it be applied , as the court has decided to present the council &quot; social affairs &quot; , the issue of the exclusion and poverty .
the committee on women&apos;s rights advocates also the access to a system of social protection sufficient and dignified and should be enjoyed by all women of all ages and of all social groups .
i will do everything in the first general observations on the social agenda , before getting back on the different areas in a spirit of synthesis to meet my speaking time .
the social partners are also committed to work on this theme .
i also found a strong demand to define a real community strategy in the field of the working environment , as regards in particular the health and security .
mr president , i think there are still some problems , but we will have to resolve in the framework of the voting of the amendments .
i would like to stress that each country of the eu has its own traditions and its own ways of solving the problems that arise in the social field and in that of the policy of the employment ; the decisions taken at the lisbon summit acknowledge this fact .
the concern elementary of the general interest should, moreover, we get them all to agree to the proposal to include recitals related to the employment in the regulations and decisions of merger , today issued by the competition .
my name appears in place of the one of ms. figueiredo .
in conclusion , the objective of giving an impetus to the social policy european face of globalisation , enlargement and the ageing of the population is commendable .
our liberal colleagues , and in particular our colleagues in the british conservatives , have re-tabled a number of amendments , which will reduce the ambitions set out in this programme of social action .
a judicious blend and effective economic policy and financial is of paramount importance to us , and even more so the extension of the&apos; social economy and the sector of services .
all of these coordinated actions of social policy will also help the fight against poverty and the social exclusion .
the building opened in the social agenda must be given a&apos; framework coherent legal , combined , of course . the policy of convergence and policy coordination open , but relying also on legislative measures when this is necessary , themselves complemented by methods of follow-up perfectly demanding .
it is important not only to calculate the cost of the social policy , which is often considered , according to some political points of view , as an obstacle to economic development , but it should also estimate the cost of the non-application of this policy .
commissioner , thank you for your interesting response .
the commission has defined this five areas of action that it considers as having a strategic importance .
we insist , at the same time , on the need for measures and axes, which complement each other in these areas of economic life , participation , representation on a footing of equality , social rights , civil society , roles, and stereotypes of both genders .
this assumes that we were engaged in an intensively in a policy of the woman who embraces the institutions and policy ; we should also lead us to a better adaptation strategies expected in the matter of equal opportunities .
it is necessary to give the woman a place in conformity with the vital importance of its mission , and i&apos;m not certain that the report of ms. eriksson contributes to it .
the cause of women can only be enhanced by such a decision .
we consider that the creation of an internet site is extremely useful , not only because of the increasing use of it resources , but also because it will help to familiarize women with this new world of which they can not be excluded .
i hope that it will result in the necessary political impetus to the realization of the program and for the strategy framework .
c &apos; is the well-known strategy which includes the five axes , namely the participation of women in economic life , in decision-making centers , social policy , civil society and the rights of the person , and the new model of equality between the sexes in the media and in education .
mr president , i welcome the report submitted by the commission .
i understand , in the light of the latest developments , that the commission has decided to adopt a tougher line - and rightly so - in the case of south korea .
this is important because of the need for transparency .
when you take a policy decision of the competition , it is necessary to take into account its effects on the social policy , structural and industrial ; if it does not , it drops the competition policy in the pure ideology .
as it is known , the commission is opposed to this merger , which has triggered a broad debate on how to work the rules of competition and how it should be to calculate and estimate the market share .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , a cordial thanks for the reports that we have heard today ; they are not only state of the past , they give the themes of the current debate and already include the projects of the commission .
finally , the strengthening of the responsibility of the individual citizen may not create legal uncertainty , but a european competition policy must identify the behaviours and attitudes outside of the institutions .
in his report , mr. evans thank you , mr monti , you will be attacked with determination to the problem of the policy of state aid .
that is why the articles contained in the proposals of the resolution, which highlight this aspect in evidence , as well as the need for transparency , are particularly valuable .
i believe that together , we make a step forward to better explain this policy to the citizens .
during the year in question , there were many cases that have required the use of a tremendous amount of resources and that are completed by formal decisions .
in the case of korea , mr. lamy , who will come here in the course of this week , will be better placed than i am to bring you up to date with the latest developments .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i present today at the assembly , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , a draft resolution on the report of the commission on the unique mechanism of financial support in the medium term of the balance of payments of the member states .
having regard to the current level of integration in the economic , financial and monetary , the probability that one or the other state member meeting of the difficulties related to the balance of payments is extremely guests of the institutional point of view ; however, the mechanism should remain in force .
the directive that we&apos;re talking about today ensures the maintenance and guarantee of varieties of grape traditional , which characterize the culture of vines in our regions .
she is going to tell us also, if it is to continue to prepare for the arrival of gmos in our food , and now in our glasses , and this , unfortunately , with the complicity of the french presidency and the total phase shift with the european consumers .
i think that it is appropriate to approve the report klass , especially after the additional guarantees made by the amendments , such as the committee on agriculture, which specifies the reference to directive 220 / 90 , as it will be amended to respect the aspect relating to gmos .
there are , madam klass , a second subject that angry .
if one were to accept this amendment , we could create artificial barriers to trade , which would be contrary to the principal objective of the proposed directive , namely the consolidation of the the internal market .
i consider, therefore, that article 7 , paragraph 4 , of the rules of procedure has not been complied with .
it is your legal error , madam president .
in the social field , i believe that we should also be able to move forward , provided , however , not to touch the principles which underlie the different national social security schemes , which leaves a certain amount of leeway .
d&apos; here, there , the preparatory group s&apos; is thus met yesterday to work on a qualified majority, on enhanced cooperation , on the basis of very concrete .
i heard the chairman-in-office of the council , mr. moscovici , discuss what he called &quot; the spirit of biarritz &quot; .
it is necessary to reassure , to say to those who are worried that under no circumstances will cause the fiscal sovereignty of the states , to say to those who&apos; s concerned, moreover, that it is not to merge , in particular by the low , the systems of social protection , but simply do well to work in an enlarged europe , the common market and the single market .
c&apos; is for us an essential criterion for the outcome of the intergovernmental conference can be qualified as a success , to know that the taking of the decision of the majority becomes the principle decision-making basis in the future within the council of ministers and the european parliament to be treated as an equal to that which is of the law in these various materials .
but there is a basic question that i would like to ask the chairman-in-office of the council of clarify .
in this sense , i would also like to ask that it is pronounced clearly on the proposal that we do, and which , in our opinion , has a political meaning .
this assumes that the majority decision to become the rule for the council , and that the co-decision of the parliament must become the rule in the sector of agriculture , for example .
me too , i wish you every success in nice, and i am pleased that the people of europe and that of many associations , ngos or trade unions , &apos;s&apos; invest in the perspective of nice .
we already have this model in the framework of the cooperation policy of justice .
in this regard , i do not share the feeling of the president of the epp group on the question : &quot; commissioner / a member state &quot; .
i would also like to get back on the number of members of the european parliament .
how , in these conditions , can we imagine that there is here an evolution ?
this is why, i believe that with the resolution that we are going to vote tomorrow , we outsource a very clear mandate to our two representatives , elmar brok and dimitris tsatsos , allowing them to introduce a proposal in this sense on the table of nice .
we friserions , it seems to me , is ridiculous . i hope that progress d&apos; here nice can be made on this point .
unfortunately , france is more the interpreter of his own interests and those of large countries that proposals which could overcome the differences of views , although mr moscovici now trying to convince us of the contrary .
i have to tell you that article 93 , as it is formulated by the presidency , does not respond to a debate yet simple .
if the european treaty agreed to nice completely mitigates the influence and representation of the member states of the smaller , it will be very difficult to defend and approved in referendums in these three countries .
mr president , president-in-office of the council , commissioner , about the situation in the middle east , two months ago , in this chamber , we were unanimous to pay tribute to the desire of peace manifested by avraham burg , the speaker of the knesset , and ahmad qurei , the president of the palestinian legislative council .
the enlargement of vision that he was for some , has become a scarecrow , as if he was going to bring changes in the relation of forces .
it is really worrying that those who do not want to push the reforms further that do not permit the assignment entrusted by their respective member states , are subject to this that we can call it a kind of blackmail .
mr president , in the course of the plenary session of september last year , we have lived and shared moments of optimism and hope with abraham burg , speaker of the knesset , and abu ala , chairman of the board the palestinian legislative .
i think that it is justified that we émettions again today a joint resolution , in the name of all the parties , in which we agree , wisely , that the two parties must conclude the peace , what we can&apos;t do as a people .
we are a force of opposition and i believe that we have the right to vote on resolutions , in favour of the charter , different from those of the majority .
this procedure is unacceptable from the point of view of democracy and of the policy of integration .
any other approach leads us in a dead end .
examples : the european model of joint-stock company , the painful liberalization and privatization of the postal services at the community level , the opening of the energy sector to competition , or even the initiation of the process of harmonization of the taxation .
all the same , we have made reference to the work smart and open which has resulted in this charter and the national parliaments , representative of the opinions, national , took part in this work .
finally , i would like to thank mrs. randzio-plath for the intervention that it has made all the time .
&quot; on our left , karl marx , the thinker and revolutionary , who condemned and mocked the very idea of human rights , because the man abstract does not exist , according to him , and that humanity cannot be anything .
thirty years ago , the countries of the south were the dictatorship and is survived under the yoke of the ussr .
in any case , do not kill today .
anyone who has studied the problem knows that there is a &quot; conundrum &quot; of translations : while the italian version admits the principle according to which the insularity is a sufficient criteria for the intervention of the community , the french translation , followed by other languages , expresses a different concept and the english translation is exactly half-way, and lends itself to two interpretations .
so i come back now on each of these points , but briefly to allow time for our debate .
i could just say thanks to olivier , and point out simply that there is , in his text , an attack quite low against the president prodi - he speaks with a sense of humor , of course - or even noticed that he did not say how he wished that the&apos; we strive to the constitution .
then , there is , again , that is inevitable , but nevertheless questionable , a part of arbitrary , it includes , in the choices made by the institute of florence .
i understand that our italian friends - for a lot of them are relevant , between the different language versions of article 158 , paragraph 2 , of the treaty , certain nuances , and even differences , which can give rise to divergent interpretations .
i fully share the wish of the european parliament that the fundamental principles are not modified , but i&apos;ve noted , mr president gil-robles , opening your part to relax some of these conditions , c&apos; is the paragraph 11 of the resolution , and i want to , in this regard , manifest a certain caution .
we need, in a first phase of a constitutional treaty, which synthétiserait clear and understandable manner the fundamental principles of existing treaties on which is based the european union .
it is with good reason that our rapporteur insists strongly on the requirement that the power of initiative of the commission and the participation of the parliament , at least according to the consultation procedure , should be the norm in all areas of enhanced cooperation .
this work must in no case serve as a pretext for delaying the enlargement .
since always , the mission of the democracy was to reduce the power of the prince .
it would still be necessary to ask, first, what exactly is the view of our peoples for the europe of tomorrow .
finally , it is serious in the report of mr. olivier tautology , c&apos; is that it offers a constitution groping .
unfortunately , our hopes have proved fruitless , and this because , among other things , the islands pay the different language versions that have been established for this specific point .
to achieve this goal , it is necessary to ask the council of nice to open up the perspective renewing , deep , capable of attracting the political consensus and the support of citizens .
i hope that the french presidency will find a way more efficient , more creative , to ensure that the candidate countries and to the public through the europe that we take care not only of important technical issues , but especially of the political imperative to give stability to our continent by the enlargement certain and guaranteed of the european union .
in regard to the report of mr duhamel , which has led to important content and interesting at the end of a long work , i must highlight two amendments that our group was presented .
mr. president , the question of the committee on constitutional affairs , presented by mr napolitano , on a subject that has very concrete and i think that the response of the commissioner barnier and of the chairman-in-office of the council , mr. moscovici , is very clear .
it is necessary now that manifests itself in nice and the crucial desire policy for these proposals , related to the others which have been made from time to time , constitute , through the treaty of nice , a set completed , an institutional framework that will allow the european process of making progress in the right way , but also to the european union to be able to welcome new members in a constructive way and beyond reproach .
report ( a5-0290 / 2000 ) mr. riis-jørgensen , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the xxixth report of the commission on competition policy - 1999 &#91; sec ( 2000 ) 720 - c5-0302 / 2000 - 2000 / 2153 ( cos ) &#93;
i have reported to the registry .
such texts confirm that the role of the european institutions , the parliament included , is to be in the service of a small layer of the possessors .
c&apos; is because the&apos; parliamentary immunity is autonomous, that our institution has a discretion as to the claims that are made , and especially with regard to the fumus persecutionis .
the vine or cep is a fundamental element for optimal production of grapes and wine , both from the point of view of quality and quantity .
in regard to the technical scientists , such as the micromultiplication ( in vitro ) , there should be a provision except the production of equipment for in-vitro culture from meristems , because the experience and the attempts made by institutes for many years, we teach that the observed mutations in these points of the plant .
and if they have reported to the shareholders of the companies involved , they were , however , paid dearly for their workers , their families and by society as a whole .
i can not answer to this question , mr fatuzzo , because it&apos; s an explanation of the vote .
for the purposes of this grant state , is considered as small or medium-sized enterprise, any company which employs fewer than 250 persons .
the principle of social regulation only by the laws of the market tends to abolish the human being and his creativity as subjects of the economy and production , and is uninterested in a fortiori of the well-being of individuals to be of interest to the business .
attempts to reduce further the measures for the protection of workers , the all-out offensive being waged against their acquired rights , in conjunction with the initiatives taken to reduce to a minimum the specific weight of the public sector and the compensatory role that may be played by the state aid , do that &apos; increasing popular discontent and lead other workers on the ways of struggle and resistance .
the report ( a5-0236 / 2000 ) mr. colom i naval , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the interinstitutional agreement on the financial statements .
so we brought the payments of items 3 , 4 and 7 at a level that ensures coverage of 25 % of the commitments made in 2001 for each budget line .
if we take into account , in addition , of the lines related to the actions on the labour market and local initiatives for employment , it is a question of nearly 150 million euros earmarked for the promotion of employment in the section 3 .
it is unacceptable that , of the budgetary procedure in the budgetary procedure , we were fighting always about the same topics and according to the rites immutable .
this parliament represents citizens of europe .
in the area of policy foreign affairs , security policy , the board should ensure - in the future, too - it stays that way .
the committee of the regions we less cause for concern at the moment .
we believe that changes are still needed and requested the commission to examine the issue .
this is what the commission is proposing, and we support it without reserve .
that is why , when the ministers of foreign affairs meet and take any decision commendable as , for example , the obligation to help the kosovo and serbia , the last of their concerns is to ask if he has the money to finance this decision and it is necessary to draw in another position as one of the aid to development in africa , meda or the promotion of human rights in the former soviet union .
you close in all modesty is the list of our rapporteurs .
with the evolution of 3.5 % in 2001 , the draft community budget increases in proportions far superior to those that s allow the member states in respect of their national budgets .
the council did not consider it desirable to resume the programming provided by the commission , nor on the proposal for a regulation framework , or in its draft budget for 2001 .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the council , the fiscal policy is still a matter of foresight and , if we are discussing today of the 2001 budget , the budget of the next year , therefore, we must agree on the requests , on the challenges posed to the policy and the budget of the european the next year and to which it is to answer .
i would particularly like to thank the european parliament and the rapporteur , mrs haug mr ferber , ms. rühle and mr. colom i naval .
however, i must also pray to the parliament to be open to negotiation .
as regards the question of a possible redeployment from the agricultural policy , we will soon be the new estimates in respect of expenditure required in the field of agriculture .
when one examines the reports of the assessment , we note that the commission has produced a lot of documentation relating to the preliminary draft budget , for example, for the year 2001 , including a working document that includes summaries results of some assessments , mainly external .
i think that my colleagues would pose an act technically just and politically expedient in supporting this amendment .
in the second reading , we propose, in particular, the creation of sixty additional posts within the european court of justice and that it does not only create these posts, but that we can provide appropriate budgetary allocations .
that is why i am pleased that we have finally found together a way to correct the imbalance of the project of the budget in favour of the priorities unanimous in this assembly , in favour of the employment and of social cohesion , and i thank our colleagues in the committee on budgets and , in particular , the general rapporteur , even if , of course , some of the wishes of the committee on employment and social affairs are still pending .
i would like in this regard to draw the attention of the commission and of our assembly on the following points .
i would add, however, in this regard that a new discussion took place in this time within the commission , on the sugar policy, for example .
we criticized the shortcomings and the marginal role of the commission in the policy of control and surveillance, and therefore we believe that it is necessary to support this policy in the strengthening of a budgetary point of view .
it would be necessary to finance , in part, through the instrument for pre-accession (ispa), the implementation of road projects , so that the resources , which are limited to be able to be exploited effectively .
in 1999, again , not less than 3.2 million euros have been returned to the member states because they had not been affected .
we also hope that this line will be approved .
i would like to draw the attention on the fact that the topic on which we receive petitions is that of fraud and poor management of finance in the european union .
we must remember that other means are available and that we don&apos;t necessarily need to go through a revision of the financial perspective .
personally , i have not endorsed , as the one or the other of them is still going a little too far .
we wish that the citizens have renewed confidence in our institutions .
however , we are not willing to throw above the edge of the things that we seem to be essential - and which have been recognized such by the end of the negotiations with you and the commission as soon as and when new things are the order of the day .
this means, however, that we must examine our policies to the magnifying glass and making cuts .
the management of the community has been shockingly deficient : the last spring , about three billion euros in unused resources have been returned to the member states .
it is a fact that the next wave of enlargement will bring the community to a severe test .
we call especially the majority of parliament to ask again if it really takes place all the staff - that is to say , the 400 posts in their entirety - in the reserve, or if we may take a different decision in the matter .
it is the worst message to give to friends and neighbours in the mediterranean, at the time of the enlargement .
mr president , the budget of the european union is the instrument par excellence through which the union manifest in concrete terms its political priorities .
so we can hardly count on additional revenues that a result of contributions of member states &apos; most important .
rather than undertake the technical analysis of the budget or to the reading of the amounts provided for in the various columns of revenue and expenditure , the parliament must attach to the credit quality of commitment and payment , which implies, in particular, the assessment of the criteria of allocation of the amounts and also the assessment of their respective impacts .
fourth : as to the reform of the commission at the level of procedures and personnel policy , we distinguish which refers to the new admissions and the creation desirable for us - a system of préréforme permanent and binding .
in fact , the current problem is that we have given too much .
if this were to be the case , we would be in real trouble and in the end mr wurtz might be good advice .
question # 1 ( h-0709 / 00 ) :
i called the issue # 3 ( h-0714 / 00 ) :
question # 5 ( h-0776 / 00 ) :
be certain , finally , that the respect and promotion of human rights are , in any event , an essential element of the cooperation of the union with the third countries .
in the port of buenaventura , 20 peasants murdered .
the speaker is mr de rossa on a procedural motion .
to the extent possible , the debate should be neither academic nor theoretical .
subject : viability of taxes of type tobin at european level with regard to the recently published report by the french minister of finance , according to which taxes of type tobin would not be viable if they were introduced by a single member state , which measures the french presidency recommends that does it take in order to ensure the viability of such taxes to the european and global level ?
we even know - and c&apos; is an economic argument - that &quot; s there was a broad consensus , a small number of financial centres would have a real interest to adopt an attitude of non-cooperative by refusing to apply the tax on the operations carried out on their territory .
i would like to remind you that among our allies , there are enthusiasts of this tax .
i would just like to repeat what i was saying , c&apos; is that actually the influence of such a charge on the volatility of the currency markets has not been demonstrated .
as regards your question, that&apos;s address to the council , namely the idea of a study , believe that i will pass on with a lot of sympathy to the president of the council (ecofin &quot; who also happens to be a minister of the government , which can be used to respond to the concern of mr. harlem desire .
question # 15 ( h-0729 / 00 ) :
mr president , i thank the minister for his response to the first part of the question , but the answer to the second part , which concerned compensation , not &apos; m not satisfied .
i was at a meeting of the foreign affairs when it was the turn of this issue .
c&apos; is this we wanted to make in this context .
i think the commission has made the wrong impression, and that the council has further aggravated the situation by reducing , at the beginning of this year , the agricultural expenditure of the commission at the council of july .
i would like , however , to stress the fact that six months ago , in this assembly , we proposed including one of our political priorities .
some deputies are not without knowing that my party , the ukip , has been campaigning for the withdrawal of the united kingdom of the european union .
in the medium term , we will be able to evaluate the importance of the decisions of the parliament begins to take today .
for the first point , i think that this budget continues to apply the principles of budgetary rigour of budgetary prudence , for the improvement of the efficiency , more effective control of the budget , better use of resources and the general tightening of expenses , all of which are essential to increase the confidence of the citizens of the eu institutions .
it is necessary that the parliament , the council and the commission to be more energetic and more determined to cooperate as closely as possible on issues such as translation , interpretation , libraries and buildings .
important changes in the field of organization are underway and we need a new culture , which puts the emphasis on a willingness pronounced to assume its responsibilities within the framework of the execution of the various parts of the budget and to accept the consequences in case of failure to fulfil its responsibilities .
at present , the commission is fixed 1,07 % and the council wants to 1,05 % . but it is the figure 1.27 that is to the order of the day .
the last year in berlin , it has been agreed that the budgetary provisions for agriculture for the period 2000-2006 will be in excess of gbp 506 billion , as the 15 member states of the european union would continue to contribute at the level of 1.3 % of their gdp in the overall annual budget - which naturally includes measures of financing of the proposed enlargement of the european union , a proposal that my other colleagues and i fully support .
this is a political gesture , ladies and gentlemen , a political gesture , madam commissioner , which has not exactly been greeted with enthusiasm by the albanian of kosovo .
the european parliament merely as a way of proving that it respects and that it complies with the feeling of the peoples of our country : to adopt the amendment that our group has filed about this and reject the whole of the budget .
the politicians and economists of serbia shall cease to be stressed that they do not have to depend on our help , but they are currently in need of this assistance to meet short-term to a situation of emergency, and that they need this help to open up the country , in the medium and long term , to the&apos; social market economy and promote foreign investment, which are necessary for it .
the strategy of the parliament should aim first of all to force the council to find new ways for its new objectives , in order to avoid that these are not pursued at the expense of the old priorities .
mr president , it seems to me promising that the council is near&apos; s agreement on the most important points , that we are able to apply a fiscal discipline, while respecting the majority of the priorities defined by the parliament .
may-be s&apos; is it about a year of transition , a transition year between the events most annoying things of the past year and , perhaps , the events most annoying things in the coming year .
during the council meeting devoted to the budget , which will be held at the end of the month of november , it will be necessary , in my opinion , to take an initiative to significantly reduce the rate of increase in the item 1 .
in addition , the maintenance of the level of aid provided in the course of this exercise for the social component of coal is vital for the peace of thousands of workers and is fully compatible with the overall amount expected .
we must re-examine this question .
the fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
i request that it gives us the flexibility required to achieve this potential , to create jobs , to straighten the job and to be able to give the citizens of northern ireland to work , back to work within a real political, rather than to examine other grounds on which they could have the desire to not be in agreement between them .
the proposal for a regulation , today submitted to the consideration of the parliament , implement these provisions , accepts the community legislation, and set up the controller of the european data protection , ensuring guarantees concrete and adapted to this fundamental right .
the free movement assumes that it is to fight effectively the crime . and the fight against crime cannot hardly be a success without effective protection of the integrity of people .
we know the famous cases where this control has been exercised .
in addition to the reading-exhaustive article 286 , it would have nevertheless been possible to take article 255 of the treaty as the legal basis additional to the enlargement of the scope of this regulation .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to congratulate ms. paciotti for his excellent work and to say that time is running out in this field , it is for this that we have completed this folder in the first reading .
the amendments 3 and 11 s&apos; away from the text of the council , but they have been the subject of a political agreement between the rapporteur and the chair of the council .
the text needs to be clarified in this sense , perhaps on the occasion of the linguistic revision .
article 299 , paragraph 2 , reflects above all a political will , sustained several times by the european council and today by our parliament .
mr president , the rapporteur , ms. sudre , has done an excellent job in preparing its report on the outermost regions .
the major part of the section dealing with the fishing is done in an amendment to the motion for a resolution presented to the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism .
for more than ten years , the european commission is sensitive to our problems and our specificities .
the outermost regions bring to the european dimension of the atlantic , american and african enriches this cultural diversity , political and economic, of which we are rightly proud .
they can become , in the future , a laboratory, which will provide the best illustration of the effectiveness of its social model .
as you require , madam sudre , as a representative of the outermost regions , i also ask for your solidarity for the defence of the interests of the regions of objective 1 , so that no reduction of the means cannot be business as long as there are still handicaps compared to developed european regions .
thanks to him , the outermost regions have obtained the recognition by the european union , of a genuine right to the difference , of a right to a specific treatment and special , which corresponds to the reality they are unique , totally different from that of the rest of the territory of the european union .
this is the message that i wanted to convey, and i wish to reiterate my congratulations to ms. sudre, and to all the members of the various committees that we have the opportunity to present today in this report .
this balance , ladies and gentlemen , must be sought, first, on a case-by-case basis .
in the agricultural field , we prepare the amendment of the regulations based on the programs posei .
i think even , on the contrary , that these new technologies , access to the internet and all of the trades that are linked to it , are a chance for the peripheral regions and outermost regions .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 hours .
in fact , i wonder if the regulation should not contain any provision to this effect .
dear colleagues , we will consider, however, the next work desk .
this will be done within a seat of modest size , managed in a professional way , accessible to the commission and the parliament , even if the site is not for now .
that is why some 80 actions presented in the white paper are absolutely necessary .
food security is a global concern . we cannot isolate ourselves face to united states products or in developing countries .
it must be independent vis-a-vis the member states , european institutions , and the agri-food industry .
the body must bear the name &quot; d&apos; authority &quot; because in english , and in most other languages , this term gives the idea of a body that , in the process of risk assessment , has the power and jurisdiction of use from time to time his judgment , and who is, therefore, not a single representative of what other people want it to do .
in this context , i would like to argue in favour of cheap food , those that are buying the families and eat the children and young people .
secondly , the report bowis clearly indicates that the agency european food is responsible for the risk analysis .
the member states have taken the measure , as it is the case of france, which has created a national agency for food security .
it is this diversity that makes the wealth of europe and its quality of life .
c&apos; is exactly what makes the who for us : to work with its regional organisations perfectly integrated way .
- ( of ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the rapporteur , mr. bowis , presented an excellent report and i would like to, in many ways, to confirm what he said .
we need to apply the field of animal nutrition legislation , guidelines and criteria more stringent .
i will therefore vote in favour of the amendment 16 .
the community is the largest importer and exporter of food .
finally, they will be important to see how to reconcile its independence and transparency with , on the one hand , the uncertainty of the funds will be allocated, and its subordination to the commission , and , on the other , with its power of autonomous initiative and the composition of its board of directors .
however , the institution of a european authority for the security food contributes to a high level of protection of health .
i have tabled an amendment which , in my opinion , is not devoid of importance , contrary to the words of the colleague whitehead , who claims that it is superfluous .
in my opinion , this alone will restore the confidence of consumers in an area of policy important both for producers and consumers .
now , the policy will be addressed in a coordinated and integrated and it will cover the entire food chain .
that is why this food authority is necessary, and this is why we give it , and rightly so , all the necessary attention .
that is why i am in favour of the amendments of 14 and 19 , the purpose of which is to formulate principles that should govern the choice of the place of establishment .
c &apos; is in my opinion a reasonable attitude .
i would like to emphasize some points in particular .
mr president , the european food chain is one of the safest places in the world but the bad practices and the recent scandals have imposed an agenda to which our commissioner , mr byrne , has responded admirably .
we have already a multitude of organizations and institutions , as well as associations and initiatives , whose responsibility is to ensure the food security .
the responsibility for own consumers will always exist , in spite of the security products .
probably not , as rightly pointed out by mr blokland .
the parallel existence - and j&apos; stresses, in particular, there-above the food safety authority and the existing system of advisory committees has no reason to be .
i therefore calls on the commissioner , at a time when we will go to the series of acts legislative , to avoid as much as possible excess legislative and bureaucratic red-tape , in particular in relation to small and medium-sized enterprises .
i hope that the new proposal will when even the attention to these points .
in effect , the authority of the food is designed as a centre of scientific excellence in the service of the community in its broadest sense : consumers , institutions and member states .
it is quite normal, and i defer to the wishes of parliament to have recourse to articles 95 et152 of the treaty .
there is obviously a lot to to do it, and it is for this reason that we must welcome the proposal of the commission .
in this sense , it is necessary to attach great attention to the problem and carry out an awareness-raising so that it is not forgotten .
the commission can and should also play a key role in this area . she will have to tell us what it proposes to do about it also .
by our question , we would like to encourage the committee to continue along this path and to strengthen this initiative .
i would also like to stress the key role played by civil society , by the non-governmental organizations that are highly motivated and , more particularly , by the actors of the international campaign for prohibition of anti-personnel mines .
we have to admit the peculiarity of some countries .
to come specifically to the report bonino , i would like briefly to share with you comments of the committee on the very few amendments adopted by the parliament that it is very difficult to adopt in their current form .
in addition to the search for capacity-building and the property at the local level , we need to be able to get the most of the know-how and equipment existing at the place where they are .
we need to focus our attention in the policy on the real culprits , namely the armed groups and unaccountable governments who pay no attention to the civilian population and that use anti-personnel mines indiscriminately to sow terror .
the effectiveness of the use of resources depends on a commitment of high-level , a proper orientation and responsible management .
i think that you and the parliament are in agreement on this point .
finally, allow me to thank mrs bonino .
c &apos; is an aspect to which we must be careful , because , to come to the balkans , the west and the european union are , in my opinion , their responsibilities if , as a result of their policy interventions , half of the region is a real minefield .
a point on which representatives of the ngos&apos; m have addressed critical in the course of a conversation is the confusion of military activities and of ngos established in points 11 and 15 of the resolution .
it is absolutely necessary to prohibit the manufacture of mines within the union european as well as their export outside the european union .
it is necessary , according to me , strengthen civil obligations within each organization with military activities .
with the report titley that we have adopted here a few days , we do in fact a second step additional information on questions of foreign policy , defence and security policy , which i think thus , gradually , it will build up in his set for the european union and is going to take the body with the conditions and rules that are unique .
mr president , a day of december 1992 , a young shepherd of mozambique has forgotten the danger : he believed rejected with peace .
what it is , we will show that , all together , our determination to fight against this that it is necessary to call &quot; a war of cowards.&quot;
you can&apos;t put finland in the same bag as the developing countries where the use of mines s &apos; is made to the blind , and where the results are as a result .
finland itself provides its defense of a credible way .
it is in this perspective that takes place in our effort of all these years when in 98 , the north-south centre of the council of europe , that&apos; i have the honour of chairing , has awarded its annual award to mr. axworthy , minister of foreign affairs of canada , for his government&apos;s efforts which have been carried out in the ottawa convention .
. i can&apos;t resist the pleasure of the use of words , or rather, neologisms , worthy of those who are included in the report , to denounce your e-pocrisie recurring in the field of employment and social protection .
as a member of the swedish liberal party , we consider the european integration as an opportunity to achieve resolving cross-border problems such as those related to the environment , trade , cross-border traffic , human rights and the treatment of conflicts .
similarly , the requirement that there should be a legal basis for ngos , in order to regulate a &quot; civil dialogue &quot; , is not acceptable .
it is clear that on the right of property and freedom of business which relate to the only one class of holders of the capital .
those who would like to see the parliament &quot; l&apos; echo &quot; claims ( revisionist ) of the most populous countries are for their costs .
the biarritz summit was featured as the top decisive for the affirmation of fundamental rights of all human rights , including those ever seen before , as if the european communities and the member states which are party to it , had lived up to here in the chaos the most comprehensive .
mr. berthu has reason : the idea of a single state with a single constitution mine completely national sovereignty of member states .
we share, however, the idea expressed in the report according to which the treaties , in their current form , leave much to be desired in terms of simplicity and transparency .
this choice must be free and independent , it must not be imposed , which could offend the constitutional practice of each country .
nor for the people , because not a line n&apos; evokes the social content of the europe .
the constitution would commit the member states in a field very dangerous that could lead to a constitutional court to strip bit few nations of the prerogatives that the states intend to continue to exercise .
the principle of the separation of powers and the rule of law
my group is in favour of any attempt to improve them .
that is why we must hope the success of the nice summit and the intergovernmental conference in order , quite simply , can very quickly go beyond .
mr gil-robles offers as well the inclusion of the common foreign and security policy .
in reality , the european parliament is conducting a combat of time .
however , in the current state of these provisions , this mechanism is not able to function properly .
the eu needs an equality institutional in the context of the negotiations of the next intergovernmental conference .
it is not of the head groups , but a diversity which , with 30 member states , will continue to grow .
the party of pensioners and retirees who support it are well-versed on these islands, because they are vital for the tourism .
when our areas of the caribbean , for example , or the pacific , are in the areas of tax havens that u.s. multinationals , kodak microsoft boeing or cargill , use for export to the massive tax fraud , c&apos; is the right to equal competition geographical that just added to the right to equality of all the citizens of europe , to demand of us that a part of the european budget , in which the taxes to lead by example, 17 % of revenue , dedicated to the development of the economic life , socialist and cultural life of our compatriots in the regions which , to be geographically outermost , are central in civilization .
however , in all cases , we subordinate our aversion for the colonial character of this folder to the interests of the inhabitants of these territories .
however , the case of animal meal that causes a new food crisis , is not eligible .
. the commission white paper on food safety at first appears full of good intentions , since it mainly serves to create a european agency for food security , responsible for managing a network of early warning , and to give independent advice to the authorities of management .
this is not at all the optics of the white paper , which demand that the the services of the agency and those of the commission, working in close liaison , because he says with a certain aplomb , &quot; this will enable the authority ( the agency ) to show responsive to the needs of the commission services &quot; ( page 22 ) .
if one examines the realities that the recent events we propose , let &apos; s see, for example, that in the field of bse , anything that &apos; s stick to the case of france , it is the existence of a national agency for food security to competent and independent, which has allowed the french authorities to take timely decisions sanitation is necessary to protect the population .
over the last few days , as you know , the attacks have been committed against synagogues in several european countries .
indeed , if we adopt, not even that a single proposal of amendment - you know , the colleagues know , for i&apos;ve already said many times , this is very much like to oppose to the interinstitutional agreement , because we have exceeded the margin allowed for payments .
all of the endowment should be included in this line without keeping reserve ; at the same time , the credits are to be increased by 300 000 euros to spend 1.8 million .
honestly , i find that it is trying to mystify the electorate .
section iv , the court of justice
i merely offer this small correction , if nobody&apos;s objects .
( the parliament adopts the resolution )
it is absurd that nearly half of the total budget of the union to serve each year to subsidize the production and export of agricultural products .
we need to commit ourselves to support the european ideals of openness and democracy and withstand the pressure that exercise groups who wish to maintaining a monopolistic control over anti-european .
- ( sv ) the swedish social democrats and danish have voted today in favor of the proposal of the parliament on the budget of the eu for the year 2001 .
however , we do not want such a review - and c&apos; is a hypothesis real - requires new cuts are substantial in the agricultural sector .
considerable funds have already been given to the bosses of this sector , allowing it to convert it into new sectors juicy , while the number of workers - including one has deleted the post - remain still unemployed .
it is necessary to impose a european public service of high level , including mobile and internet , meeting the basic needs of employees and users .
the danish social democrats voted against the report aimed to increase the aid to the producers of the products processed from fruit and vegetables .
. ( nl ) - for decades , in order to preserve social peace in the cities , the price of the food basket is kept artificially low .
now , it is absolutely necessary that the portuguese government does not concede and defender of so uncompromising national interests specific on each of these points .
i believe that we can only help those states if we improve the conditions of life of all their citizens : youth , workers but also - and this is very important to me cur - elderly people and pensioners who live in the acp states .
we do not agree with this measure, since , with the application distortion of the principle of the &quot; polluter-pays &quot; principle , in any way , while the cost of reducing emissions will be directly paid by the consumers , that is-to-ie workers .
i am afraid that the next conference on climate change will be diverted from its original objectives , and that there will plead for a relaxation of the requirement that&apos; s were made by rich countries to reduce their emissions by 5.2 % .
in addition , the development of nuclear energy and carbon sinks must be excluded from the calculations of the emissions reductions .
if it turns out that these chemicals multiply the probabilities of certain cancers , declining fertility, or threaten the life is to be born , we can&apos;t stay the arm dangling .
identify and study this phenomenon of the disruption of the endocrine systems of humans and animals , and validate studies demonstrate a causal links between certain products and certain anomalies known in human beings or in the animal species ( reduction in the fertility rate , some malformations , some cancers,...) is a necessary starting point if it respects the principle of precaution while advancing a requirement of transparency totally absent from the text .
this process of standardization can not succeed without an effort of coordination .
in addition , the volume and the number of payment details account for only a negligible percentage compared to the total of the amounts transferred .
in the field , we had to see , on the one hand , that the movement of goods s&apos; was facilitated but also , on the other hand , that the payments related to these movements of goods were still hindered by barriers and high costs .
we deeply regretted the european parliament and, in particular, during the work of the committee that the proposal of the european central bank n&apos; has not been accepted .
the orientation of consumers towards electronic payment methods is essential - the report stresses with good reason on this point, and we require that progress will be made in this field to that of the specificities common interoperable needed in the field of electronic purses .
they will discourage consumers to make purchases at an international level .
according to the documents that i have consulted , they occupy a part of 0.2 % to 0.04 % .
quite rightly so . in effect , so that the techniques of the most advanced and the necessary standards are available , the banks are praying for more flexibility in the regulation of cross-border transfers of amounts not in excess of eur 50 000 .
exactly as l &apos; said mrs. randzio-plath , we can&apos;t order the banks , by political decisions , to lower their rates .
we own members , but also our employees , do not of international money transfers by reason of the commissions are too high .
after the european passport , the arrival of the euro will be the second evidence , tangible in the life of every day , of their belonging to the european union .
the report also insists on the statistical data that the banks must register for each cross-border payment .
the order of the day is the report ( a5-0267 / 2000 ) ms. montfort , on behalf of the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy , on the proposal for a council decision on a multiannual programme for enterprises and the mind of the company , 2001-2005 ( com ( 2000 ) 256 - c5-0274 / 2000 - 2000 / 0107 ( cns ) ) .
i hope that the assembly will renew , during its plenary vote , the unanimity which was done day in the committee of the industry .
here we must make a distinction and include the regions in order to obtain a faithful representation of policies in favour of the mind of the company .
c&apos; is in this sense that we ourselves and myself , presented and supported a series of concrete proposals and heavy to pass , in the area of smes , speech to the realities , giving them access to the innovation and electronic commerce , in their simplifying certain customs formalities , putting an end to certain differences between administrative and regulatory , developing - and this is important - the access to risk capital , in developing as the euro info centres to amplify the role of information and support from companies , redirecting the framework programme for research and technological development towards greater openness in the direction of innovative smes .
the implementation of effective of the&apos; acquis is a necessity if we want that the enlargement can work to everyone&apos;s advantage , both for the member states than to the candidates to the membership .
we must promote their action , and foster local development from the local resources, both material that human and their relationships with local communities .
mr president , commissioner , smes , which they offer goods or services , can not survive on the market only if their books of order are full .
the protection of intellectual property rights at the european level is our third concern , mr. president .
we all know that our time has become more hectic as a result of the use of the mobile telephone , electronic mail and the internet , which obviously offers new opportunities .
the explanatory statement speaks of smes , insisting on the fact that it may as well&apos; s act of undertakings employing a maximum of 500 employees, artisans n&apos; employing only two or three persons, and that in the whole they represent more than 99 % of enterprises in the union .
the multi-annual programme , because of its financial constraints , simply admits , in my opinion , the problem and gives a sign policy positive and encouraging , without being able to provide substantial assistance or , even more , to reverse the trends that are prevalent today in the field of the economy and that crush literally the small sizes in all areas .
the problem of small and medium-sized enterprises , c&apos; is that they offer little in the way of a lot of resources to go out and find , to find what grants and what support options are available , to carry out the administrative tasks for national governments to impose more and more .
it should be taken into account in the implementation of the programme but it is not necessary to mention them separately in the legislative text .
the multi-annual programme&apos; s focus on improving the modus operandi of small and medium-sized enterprises .
neither the fortification of borders , nor the actions of police repression can get in the way of those who claim to a share of the prosperity that we all benefit .
i find this a pity , of what the group has done is not bad because it puts the finger on the real problem and is trying to state which of the solutions suitable .
to get there , take measures in two different directions .
in the course of the last few days , thanks to heaven , positive signals have come to us from the balkans that involve indirectly albania .
it is very painful to recognize that the&apos; western europe&apos; s striving today to put in place laws designed to punish those who hide the grandchildren that anne frank has not had .
the construction of schools and centres for receptions for children is a priority .
these actions confirm the fact that the purpose of the european union must now be the foundation of structures who will respect democratic rules and that will recognize and respect the rights of minorities in albania .
for this , it is absolutely essential to develop repatriation programmes coordinated and , especially , to appeal to non-governmental organizations and international organizations .
economic growth helps to overcome the difficulties in the crisis areas .
it is a fact whose consciousness we must develop all .
mr president , the conclusions of the tampere summit demanded a strengthening of the action outside of the european union in order to achieve the objectives in the field of justice and home affairs .
i would still like to mention three points of view to which the commission attaches particular importance .
the committee on legal affairs and the internal market calls on explicitly the commission to withstand the pressure legislative that it condemns itself .
my group wants a strong union that fully assumes its responsibilities , a union that creates an efficient internal market and allows you to actually strengthen the social cohesion and regional levels .
i&apos;ve found with great pleasure that the amendments 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 , which are out of my hand , have been approved by the committee on legal affairs and the internal market .
&quot; the same story m&apos; comes from the island of islay , where the&apos; s&apos; unworthy of the project for the protection of the seal colony local by a major international institution , because , according to us , the inhabitants have better taken care of the seals in the course of the past 2000 years that no one will probably be a larger organization in the future .
it is important to invite them to participate fully in a better application of the principle of subsidiarity .
the second paragraph of article 5 of the treaty establishing the european economic community is incomprehensible .
regardless of the reasons that could lead to this error , it is certain that it is motivated by the initiatives constants related to the legislation emanating from the commission .
in other words , mr president , the principle of subsidiarity is probably the principle that recasts , resumes, and summarizes what is the european construction , because it does is ultimately that of the political included in the treaty .
in reality , this review of the existing ec acquis is often a very useful exercise to show that it is not always necessary to legislate at community level or that a legislative text that is too detailed to be a legislative act of the community level .
i hope we can continue this debate , not as a matter of routine on thursday afternoon , but as a part of the debate is central to the whole of the community legislation .
these fees still exist , whether on the species or on cross-border payments .
his passivity is the best guarantee of the maintenance costs at their current level and discontent that they generate .
in the face of this situation and the imminence of the potential beginning of negotiations next monday in brussels , the commission will not give us - i think - a lot of information today , given that the meeting will be precisely place - c &apos; is what we hope from this monday, 30 .
i do , from the top of this forum and with the weight of the representativeness european democratic that we have , an appeal to the good sense and wisdom of the two parties , which will take , 30 , in brussels , a meeting at the highest level - the european commissioner for fisheries and the moroccan minister of fisheries , if , as i hope , his presence announced in brussels is confirmed , as well as the delegations techniques , with the secretary of state of foreign affairs of morocco , if its venue is also confirmed with the director general of the fisheries of the european union to the head - to talk seriously and find solutions .
mr president , commissioner , tomorrow will be the day anniversary of our previous discussion , here , in parliament , on the theme of morocco .
i wish to the commissioner skill and success and i would like to welcome the delegation .
agriculture moroccan enjoys a privileged treatment for its exports to europe .
there is nothing to add, if it is only the fishermen do not understand the situation and that they are extremely disappointed that the negotiations on the agreement with morocco drag on .
mr president , we are in the presence of the third agreement with morocco, which is of interest especially our friends spanish and portuguese , which provide the bulk of the fleet , even if some french and a few swedish are also concerned .
it is actually easier to defend the suburbs than to defend morocco .
it can not contain given that it happens to three days a key date for the negotiations , but , precisely because of the proximity of this key date , i believe that it is necessary to be very cautious about the drafting of this resolution .
we are talking about a territory which does not belong in morocco but that is administered by morocco .
mr president , this is not the first time that the right to fish again in moroccan waters and the sahara figure to the order of the day .
first , it should be noted that the fisheries agreement with morocco is by far the most important of the european union , since it represents more than 30 % of all catches of the eu fleet in the waters of third countries .
mr president , commissioner , i&apos;m not going to not to repeat what has already been said this morning in front of the house, who is said for almost a year .
the history shows us that this is precisely the neighbours who often have known difficult times between them , and the idea of the european union is to overcome such problems neighbourhood .
i think that if we manage to give in morocco, a european orientation , morocco will also discuss what is outstanding , and he will discuss with us to the question of natural resources , which are of common resource , and that it will give more priority to the ships of states third-party .
thank you , commissioner .
it is not the teachers of languages , but much of an example , the way in which focuses specifically the &apos; europe of the citizens .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the case of the assistants in foreign language non-italian in italian universities is well known to the commission and most of the european institutions .
each member state is fully competent for determining the provisions governing its own public service .
what is this wrong ?
mr president , the men policies are sometimes entrusted with the difficult task to announce to their voters that in spite of the sincerity or well-founded moral undeniable their grievances , there is no sometimes no legal recourse .
no one would argue that the italian republic is fully empowered , in 1995, or at any other time , to say &quot; we will engage more lettori in the future , we will be hiring people to a new type of position &quot; .
to this day , the european commission has hardly shown wishing to apply the treaty when the number of people affected is reduced .
we stand for the internal market economy .
we are again in the middle of an infringement procedure, and we hope that the court of justice will give its opinion in the shortest time possible .
this said , i hope that our debate will help to promote a fair solution for the language teachers in italy .
dear colleagues , as you know , over the last month , four new victims came s&apos; to add to the list unbearable to those who , in spain , have lost their lives in the terrorist attacks on the eta .
approval of the minutes of the session previous
someone does it wish to respond to this request for referral to the committee ?
it s&apos; acts so as to advance the hour of the votes .
mr. baron crespo , i would like to be sure you understand .
i appeal to all of you, so that you know what you are signing , if you sign this appeal .
seventy percent of the trucks irish , carriers irish must either travel to the united kingdom , pass through the united kingdom to travel to europe .
( a5-0313 / 2000), mr marinos , on behalf of the committee of the rights and freedoms of citizens , justice and home affairs , on the initiative of the french republic with a view to the adoption of a council framework decision on money laundering , the identification , tracing , freezing, seizing and confiscation of instrumentalities and the proceeds of crime ( 10232 / 2000 - c5-0393 / 2000 - 2000 / 0814 ( cns ) ) ;
the fight against money laundering is, of course, one of the main priorities of the union , as it has been rightly stated last year on the occasion of the tampere summit .
in conclusion , the parliament has examined attentive and caring this is a portuguese initiative , but we are not satisfied with the limited scope of the revision of the convention of europol proposed .
article 6 , it allows the extension of additional applications of self-help , and thanks to article 7 tax exceptions are no longer acceptable to refuse mutual legal assistance .
c&apos; is for these reasons that i support the proposals which have been made, but i took the opportunity to announce that a lively discussion is going to undertake in the near future with the council on the common position on the second directive on the fight against money laundering .
if &quot; the european police &quot; receives this gift from heaven of a self-regulation as possible , she will do everything in its power to curb the desire of the democratic control of the european parliament in view of the shortcomings in the current plan of the structure and of the lack of unity on the bottom .
i welcome this debate .
this must be done via a majority vote ( we offer a two-thirds majority ) , and we also want the parliament to be involved in the dismissal of the director , if this proves to be necessary , by a majority vote of two-thirds .
he would enjoy the support of the public, and it is necessary for the future .
question : is there a state in europe, or a region of the world , the united states , for example , which has already set up the judicial area unique and has made effective obstacle to the laundering of dirty money ? or , could it be that &apos; in the name of a real problem , we seek to encourage the communitarisation of vital institutions , related to the national independence and the sovereignty of the people of the member states ?
this report contains a visa on the appeal of geneva against which the epp-ed group will vote , not because we are opposed to the geneva call , but simply because , as a parliament , we must ensure that legislation of quality .
however, we must not forget to provide europol in manpower and financial resources are sufficient for that europol can actually assume the skills that we transfer .
this framework decision intends to fight against serious crime , which is at the origin of money laundering , and not against the small crimes to the implications of criminal lower , which could come distort the objective of this framework decision&apos; s they had to be considered in this context .
it is there that states , through police and judicial cooperation , can interfere with the greatest efficiency to fight organized crime .
however , to be honest , i believe that this initiative is not the ideal opportunity to adopt decisions in the matter .
the picture may look dark , but it has allowed them to hope for !
the report of mrs gebhardt stresses, in particular, on these three points .
the member countries of the european community to adhere to it on the basis of their systems legislative , executive and judiciary , in accordance with the principle of fundamental rights and common values .
we also , like ms. palacio , we hope that this judicial cooperation unit will cease soon to be provisional , but , as a radical members , we are not willing to renew the experience with europol , when the constitution of the unit &quot; drug &quot; has given rise to the creation of a superorganism in evolution and expansion constants , and not subject to the democratic control of national parliaments and of the parliament the european .
it must be based on assessments common and be the subject of a broad political support .
without a certain degree of cooperation , we will not be able to maintain the rule of law in the european union, which applies the principle of the free movement .
criminals should not have any doubt as to their nature supranational .
the commission is looking forward to your report , mrs gebhardt .
and this follow-up work, in fact, specifically part , than in the present case , it really happens a little bit later .
finally , as regards the fishing - that is my horse battle , i assume that the three parties s&apos; endeavour to ensure a positive development in the future .
it is enough to suggest that we need to re-examine the whole of the procedure , not only in relation to the annual report of the court which will be released tomorrow , but also in relation to the special reports such as this one .
i would like n&apos; to discuss a few points that are absolutely crucial , in my opinion , for the future work of the control of the expenses relating to the shares of research in general .
however, i would like to stress that no fraud or misuse n&apos; have been observed .
but i would still like to stress one point , c&apos; is that a joint financial responsibility is not possible in the strict sense in the context of the framework programme , which aims to build consortia consisting of different entities , universities , smes , large enterprises , research institutes, public or private .
therefore , the procedure is set in motion , but we are in the scope of jurisdiction of the member states and , here , we are not always masters of the time .
approval of the minutes of the previous session
madam president , let me first of all , as a member of a native of salzburg , to send you my sincere thanks for the words of consolation and reassurance that you have found yesterday .
i think that if we want that this charter is the first stone&apos; a european constitution , it will need to be supplemented in the future .
this is referring to the evidence of a major policy decision and a new opportunity to show to the citizens of europe the extent of this initiative .
the charter is then a text quite consistent .
i am sure that the members of the convention which will express here will be able to confirm it .
i, of course, your rapporteurs wish again that the charter is the preamble of the constitutional treaty and we know that i am , for my part , favorable . but i would like to remind you , because we are held to a high accuracy with regard to what is happening today , that in biarritz , the european council has not been able to note that a majority of member states were not ready to discuss , in any case, for the moment , the integration of the charter into the treaties .
in the name of our group , i would like to specifically thank not only all the members of my group, but also , more particularly , ingo friedrich , vice-president of the parliament , which has coordinated our work .
the european union is today much more than an economic community .
such is our proposal .
it took several weeks of battle to register the right to strike .
second , it fills a gap in the protection of fundamental rights of the people living in the union .
that is why we believe that the charter is important , as a position of principle , only because it launches a debate . a debate that we believe it is useful for the future but it also needs to be developed further , which should take place in parallel to the process of unification .
we can guess behind the vote on the charter, a program aimed at the establishment of the first part of a constitution that we could call on the member states of europe .
now , we want a europe that is flourishing , prosperous , a europe in which to grow up . that is why we wanted and had to raise these roots .
this scope , i want to say a word .
allied to the prohibition of the exercise of discrimination , this respect is the foundation on which it can rely , subsequently , measures to ensure the position of minorities .
in life , nothing is perfect and the declaration of rights, but not to defend them effectively falls no perfection, no more .
it is never too late to do well .
the present charter seems to me to be a bad copy . it creates the perplexity under the legal profile , for example when it says , in point 2 of article 2 &quot; no one shall be condemned to the death penalty &quot; - here , no problem , and adds &quot; or executed &quot; .
a note still in the&apos; address of the chairman of the board : as a former member of a high court , i can assure you that the overlapping jurisdiction of different courts will very quickly a divergent case-law and that we can therefore expect to this divergence .
the reference to article 6 seems logical to me and i think that the presidency of the council must take good note of the comments of mr. baron .
c&apos; is an important message to issue, at the present time , having regard to the fragile political situation prevailing within the one or the other member state .
this charter of social rights marks a step back compared to the legislation of many member states and , exactly for this game references , will serve d&apos; instrument for change, or to lessen .
mr president , the charter highlights the existing rights , while making accomplish l&apos; europe a historical progress .
mr president , the proposal and the approval of the draft charter of fundamental rights should find a quite broad consensus .
attack further notes that the trade union rights are passed over in silence , and considers that the text , at the bottom , has the purpose to establish the free movement of capital .
thus , this charter provides additional protection to the most vulnerable citizens of our european society , which is positive .
first of all , they must include a reference to the charter in article 6 of the treaty on the eu .
for many years , it was discussed the opportunity for the european union&apos; s accession to the european convention of human rights , as is the case of its member states .
mr president , dear colleagues , the charter that we are here today to vote with conviction européaniste certainly represents a step forward in the direction of the construction of europe&apos; s policy in which we firmly believe .
it is important not to destroy the authority of these two instances .
my colleagues in the commission of civil liberties m&apos; have the honour to refer to as a rapporteur on the respect of human rights in the union .
the charter has many supporters but also many enemies ; we have listened to the criticism of those who do not want a political europe .
for some, the text would be too restrictive or too advanced compared to some of the reforms that he would dismantle , and for others it would be empty or insufficiently binding .
i recall that the these , for example , which has been heard , represents 60 million employees in europe , as several hundreds of ngos have been consulted , as citizens , quite simply , have been able to convey their contribution and that some of their proposals have been accepted by the convention .
the vote will take place at 12 o&apos;clock .
our parliament will , in the interior of this forum and in the course of its discussions , it very clear to our turkish partners that they don&apos;t have to worry about any willingness european interference in their internal affairs , but we offer them a contract in the course of more precise definition , in the context of the partnership of accession , mr commissioner , and, of course, of the convention on the charter of fundamental rights .
if we had wanted to ask conditions , it would have had to do the last year , on the occasion of the previous decision .
i believe that the excellent report of mr morillon demonstrates the commitment that is yours to carry out the pre-accession process of turkey , while demonstrating a large and legitimate vigilance in regard to the reforms still significant that this country has yet to commit .
mr president , mr chairman , ladies and gentlemen , i would first of all like to thank very warmly mm . morillon and seppänen for their reports very constructive and well-informed on the political level and to say that this debate is taking place at a time is very favourable , at a time when we are able to give a turn can be decisive to the relations between the european union and turkey .
i confirm once again that we need to be concerned about the insufficient respect of human rights and the rights of minorities , that we need to be concerned about the role assigned to the army by the constitution , that we remain deeply concerned by the situation of the population of kurdish origin and the state of emergency which remained in the four-province of the south-east of the country .
on this point also , i agree with widely the morillon report .
given that this special program of 450 million , of which the union will ensure 65 % , specifies that on the basis of a provisioning rate of 9 % , the amount that should be kicked out of the reserve to the guarantee fund does amounts to only 26 million euros , it would have effect on budgetary that in the event of default of payment , because it would then appeal to the guarantee .
at a meeting at which i am unfortunately unable to participate , the majority of my group decided to support the proposal of amendment 25 .
the morillon report and the&apos; accession to the partnership undertake the european union to turkey&apos;s application .
that is to say, that i propose that the european parliament organizes itself a debate on the genocide in armenia , the majority will follow and we will extend the debate in turkey .
any other route would benefit those who , in the eu and in turkey , do not want this membership .
mr president , the morillon report is , in itself , perfectly indicative of the fundamental contradictions of the european approach towards turkey .
in parentheses , there are a dozen days , the party&apos;s ultra-nationalist mhp stated in any solemnity , at its congress , &quot; the superiority of the race in turkey .
report ( a5-0279 / 2000 ) ms. paciotti , on behalf of the committee of the rights and freedoms of citizens , justice and home affairs on the proposal for a regulation of the european parliament and of the council on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data by the institutions and bodies of the community and on the free movement of such data ( com ( 1999 ) 337 - c5-0149 / 2000 - 1999 / 0153 ( cod ) )
i recall that have entrusted this great power of control on the banks of european data to a body monocratique - with all the respect and the confidence that we have in the controller - seems to me to be a moment of inattention vis-a-vis the central position of the human person , in the face of the power of information technology , must have a frame of reference of the rights and freedoms guaranteed .
however , it is necessary to adopt a set of rules governing the protection of data , because the institutions treat not only of the internal data ( such as data relating to their activities autonomous , their budget and reports rating ) , but also data on citizens collected in the framework of the completion of missions of the european union ( for example , the granting of subsidies , the investigation of cases of competition , public tenders , the works and studies in statistics or data relating to the preparation and implementation of legislative texts ) .
the charter of fundamental rights of the european union is far behind the declaration of human rights of the united nations , or the european convention of human rights , but also far behind number of constitutions of the member countries of the european union .
we , the members of the communist party of greece , vote against the text, which is not only useless , but also dangerous .
items that tend to establish new obligations to be unfounded .
sos democracy rejects the charter of fundamental rights for three reasons .
c&apos; is article 52 for which we have the most concern . it provides that the rights mentioned in other places of the document can be ignored when they come into conflict with the &quot; objectives of general interest recognised by the union &quot; .
and it is so that it will run through gradually , through the case-law , the whole of our national rights and european !
in addition , i would have preferred a charter not only on the &quot; rights &quot; of the citizens , but also on the &quot; duties &quot; of the latter to the society .
the daily news - maritime transport or animal meal - we indicates that it is necessary to regulate and control much more markets and the economic operators and oppose to the interests of profit and the short-term .
in front of a choice as binary , my vote is unambiguous , it approves the progress that constitutes this charter , an advanced, however, very relative , both in content and in terms of the scope of this text .
between the fact of not prohibit the access to work and the action to afford it , there are more than a nuance .
by doing this , however, does not respond to the ambition of the eu, which is to be a union of peoples and their citizens .
for the supporters of european federalism , this catalogue of rights is the embryo of the future european constitution , including the national constitutions of the member states will have to&apos; s accommodate .
of end-to-end , its development has given rise to a series of shots of force .
c &apos; is the lot of the processes of this kind that lead to texts which s &apos; align necessarily on the lowest common denominator .
the arguments put forward by the european parliament are quite misleading .
the fight against money laundering is taking place , in any case , at various levels and we do not believe in the necessity of having to define frameworks criminal for this type of crime at the community level .
nevertheless , these practices clearly go against the interests of the humanity and the maintenance of our living environment .
this will be an important instrument that will bring criminals to justice everywhere in europe .
this , i hope , will not happen with the application of this document .
gebhardt report ( a5-0317 / 2000 )
( the sitting , suspended at 12 : 52 p.m. and resumed at 15 hours )
turkey has not evolved so much that we had hoped for .
the reserve residual for the guarantee fund is now so low that it could well prevent the union to resort to the eib , if it were to occur of new events requiring financial efforts of this type .
it is the first serious step accomplished in the process of accession of turkey , in order that this process happens at the stage of practical application .
as long as this will not be the case , i do not think that this parliament should act in a different way .
turkey must recognize the truth !
for what is the genocide of armenians , i fully agree , mr. president , that it should not be an obstacle to the accession of turkey .
our rapporteur , mr morillon , deserves our congratulations for having quoted the solution of the the problem of cyprus among the preconditions for the accession of turkey .
are also positive references to the cyprus issue and the withdrawal of the troops of occupation , as well as the need to respect the decisions of the european court , in the case loïzidou , for example , to the need to find a political solution to the kurdish problem , the bombing of iraq .
it seems to me that it is this balance that advocates the morillon report .
i didn&apos;t have to give advice or criticism to the address of the parliament and i&apos; m in the keep .
i thank the chairman brok allowing me to make the point on the mediterranean policy of the union , since we find ourselves today , you know , on the eve of the holding , in marseille , the fourth conference of the ministers of foreign affairs of the euro-mediterranean partnership .
and when we launched the partnership in 1995 , we had, moreover, conscience to initiate an implementation of the long-term .
mr brok evokes the financial resources .
mr president , the fact that the chairman of the board has already responded to the questions that i didn&apos;t even asked questions demonstrates his faculties .
we should try to contribute to offer the people of palestine the chance to work its own development , to its own future and to the birth of his own state by means of an agreement with israel, and on the basis of the security of the state of israel .
in fact , we have closed negotiations with egypt there are eighteen months and i want to present to proceed quickly with the implementation of the agreement and then to its full signature in a timely manner .
the next few years , the success of this partnership will be of even more importance as never, and i hope that , this week , in marseille , and the following weeks , we will be able to ensure that this whole enterprise acquires even more momentum and energy, that has been the case in the past .
indeed, we see that the bilateral dimension , difficult to negotiate , long to ratify and for the time being dominant , the risk of mold growing the economies of these countries according to their trade with the eu , impeding the development of the south-south dimension , also because of the difficulties encountered by the partner countries to weaving ties of cooperation between them .
a few days ago , in the course of meetings of the circle of economy of barcelona , the secretary general of the council , mr solana , told us that the priorities of the external action of the european were , first of all , our neighbours . however , our first neighbors are the mediterranean .
then , it is necessary to increase the regional allocation to allow the relationship and cross-trade , but also the protection of the environment , the fight against terrorism and drug trafficking , the emigration and integration , and progress towards the rights of the man , just as we asked .
( the president cut the floor to the speaker )
under these conditions , it should be possible to achieve , during the extraordinary summit of marseille , in a deal that doesn&apos;t just put them in light of new dividing lines within the eu .
if the current trends continue , there are reasons to be pessimistic .
mr president , to return to the conflict in the middle east , there are less than two months , the president of the parliament of israel and that of the assembly palestinian have , in this chamber , joined their hands to those of the president of the parliament the european invoke peace and concord . the deputies&apos; s are united by applauding strongly this gesture .
marseille also , the other summit , attended by members of association of trade unions , political organizations of all the shores of the mediterranean . those were looking for all , a determined manner , answers to the needs of their populations .
the debate is closed .
i wish, however, to identify two major policies .
very concretely , the reduction of their presence in the board of management of the agency .
it is crucial that ngos are involved but also that they should be evidence of a degree of coordination between them if we want to ensure that their action is more effective and it extends throughout these regions .
at the same time , to give him a content and significance of the cultural , not in abstract terms or generic but in terms of solidarity , we have introduced a number of amendments have received a favorable within the commission of the industry . according to me , these amendments allow to characterize , on the one hand , the aid economic , civil and solidarity by the return of the regions also affected to a reality and to a normal life and , on the other hand , a possibility of cultural solidarity and institutional - i insist on this word : institutional - for these areas to feel connected to the europe , but also on the civilian side , on the plan of cultural initiatives .
i also think that it will be necessary to avoid duplication of work between the board of management and the board of management and unnecessary meetings and rituals of their members , while the director responsible should take the necessary decisions at the appropriate time .
in a year , while the kosovo crisis is still fresh in our memories , many advances have been made , and the internal dynamics of several countries strengthens in the end the role of the international community .
their own political fate will depend on, among others, the success of the aid from the european union .
we are pursuing two objectives : first of all, the development of regional cooperation , then the implementation of a genuine policy of rapprochement between these countries and the european union .
we hope that it is more effective and more rapid in the implementation of the programmes of which the commission will delegate the&apos; execution .
it has consolidated its victory , but , at the same time , s&apos; is shown clever in its relations with other leaders of the region .
they were asked , during the european council and in the context of the report on the development of a european capacity for management of military and civilian crisis , that mechanisms of financing fast , for example, the creation by the commission of a rapid reaction fund be set up to allow fast-track financing of the activities of the european union to contribute to operations conducted by other organizations international and finance , where appropriate , the activity of ngos .
the report perpetual referendum , the failure found in negotiations in berlin on 28 september this year , are of very heavy concerns and a great disappointment among the population .
whatever the outcome of the referendum - the independence or the tie-in morocco - it seems to me that it is the democratic way , and therefore effective , which will finally resolve this conflict .
the transport of nuclear materials in france is carried out in accordance with relevant legislation . it is, in particular, directive no 94 / 55 / eec of the council , of 21 november 1994 on the approximation of the laws of the member states relating to the transport of dangerous goods by road , and the directive no. 96 / 49 / eec of the council of 23 july 1996 on the approximation of the laws of the member states relating to the transport of dangerous goods by rail , which apply to the transport of nuclear materials and secure various technical prescriptions for vehicles , brands and packaging .
the union also uses all the tools it has available in the framework of the agreement of partnership and cooperation and contribute to the improvement of relations between the two countries .
the feira european council , in june of last year , has asked the council for implementation of the accelerated measures of fight against illegal immigration provided for in the conclusions of the tampere european council in october 1999 .
i confirm the reading that is made by mr. martin . it is well to fight against criminal organizations involved in trafficking of human beings , and not to come back on the texts of the tradition that allow refugees potential to exercise their right to seek asylum on the territory of the union .
the commission, however, remains concerned about these crimes which often takes place in unacceptable conditions .
not tonight , and here i come to the answer , because i know the minister and i will make you a response from the council .
as for the tour of the leader of the state , of the president of the republic , jacques chirac , of course , it will stop in vienna , c&apos; is obvious .
that said , i would like to say , dear madam , i like austria and i like the austrians in general .
the council may-it therefore indicate what response it brings to the point of the letter of mr. cem where it maintains that the&apos; we can&apos;t associate in the partnership agreement of the cyprus problem and the eu&apos;s relations with turkey, and that this association would constitute a violation of the conditions laid down in helsinki ?
we find ourselves faced with a situation about which i would like the minister&apos;s answer me . first of all , in the conclusions of helsinki , it is said that the solution of the cyprus issue is not a precondition for the accession of cyprus .
the agreement will take into account also the need to ensure the sustainable exploitation of resources and the need to contribute to the development of the sector moroccan fishing .
the agreement that morocco offers would have a duration of two years instead of five years and it will , in addition , that the european union continues to pay him $ 21 billion pesetas, which it currently pays .
question # 13 ( h-0854 / 00 ) :
mr president , it is a procedural motion : it remains twenty minutes before the end of the hour of questions and , given that there are very few of the members present , we don&apos;t risk being late .
as to the energy efficiency , the commission has presented a plan of action during the session of the council last may .
the objective of the european union, on cuba , as it has been established in the common position on cuba , which was adopted by the council on 2 december 1996 , is to encourage a process of peaceful transition to democratic pluralism , the respect of human rights and fundamental freedoms , as well as a recovery and a sustainable improvement of the living standards of the cuban people .
subject : violation of the sovereign rights of greece from turkey turkey has challenged the de facto sovereign rights in greece : it has intercepted aircraft greeks who were participating in exercise destined glory of the organization of the treaty of the north atlantic , n &apos; respected nor is the area of flight information ( fir ) greek ten miles or the air corridors to the aplomb of limnos and icarie , is placed in addition to the opinion of the legal service of nato and has deviated from the plans for the exercise established by the state-major ally , which has led the greek authorities to withdraw their troops .
i don&apos;t know if this will appeal to everyone but it &apos; s a fact virtually history in which we take good notes .
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen, a few members , who have found the way to this house , i would first of all like to congratulate you cordially to the rapporteurs , and in particular the rapporteur, here present , for his work and for the very good collaboration .
we should not spend our money if the desire to achieve the objectives is missing !
i believe that they form a framework of policy initiatives which it is appropriate to continue the development , so that we can bring new designs .
the member states are of great declarations of intentions which should, however, be followed by a financial commitment concrete .
these two proposals address two key priorities of the union : to provide assistance to the south-east europe and provide such assistance as quickly and efficiently as possible .
the european parliament can be proud of these results, too .
to be clear , we can accept as to the merits and provided that amendments be made in some cases to their formulation , with amendments 1 , 2 , 5 , 6 and 7 , the first part of 11 , the first part of the 13 , 16 partially , 17 , 18 , 19 partially , 20 , 21 , 24 , the first part of the 28 , 31 and 37 partially .
thank you very much , commissioner .
they are committed to promote and protect the fundamental human rights and to ensure the respect of democracy , the rule of law , equality , justice and the environment .
finally , the leaders decided to encourage the intensification of inter-parliamentary contacts , as it is provided in the framework of cooperation .
it is positive - i want to emphasise this - that there has been agreement on a framework programme on collaboration between the asia and europe .
from the point of view of the fellowship program , we find it incomprehensible that its secretariat has its headquarters in seoul .
this control must be transferred to a body clearly the eu for the common fisheries policy is applicable to all the member states and to all ships and professionals regardless of their nationality , thus avoiding any risk of non-compliance with the principle of equal treatment .
this would involve , first of all , not merely to react to actions such as that of the agreement of the galapagos and his obvious intention to extend unilaterally the territorial sea of the four countries , in defiance of the minimum standards of the international law of the sea or against the attempts of arbitrary expulsion of eu fleets , and some of the few who carry with them the standards and strict regulations .
the development of the regionalisation of the cfp will be crucial for the implementation of local actions .
we support the regional fisheries organisations , we ask that there be more of the regional fisheries organisations and the commission has more weight .
we are in a position extremely difficult , which is to try to find a middle ground .
the commission maintains the conclusion of its communication : in regard to the activities of control , the nafo is an exception to the rule , it may not become the rule .
pork meat ( cmo )
the commission proposes in this respect incorporate the cmo a new tool : the fund regulation .
the last , which is extended to the middle of the year 1998 at the beginning of the year 2000 , has resulted in a drop of the price of more than 30 % .
the area of the pork meat is the only sector to have been able to adapt up to the present date to market conditions without too much intervention , such as aid to the export and private storage , and it is necessary that this remains so .
c&apos; is a proposal that the americans have already made them also .
this aspect is honest and credible . my advice to my group did not object to the report .
far from creating an exceptional system in the light of the international practice , it&apos; s approach, on the contrary , with this flexible mechanism , and at reasonable cost , prevention and crisis management , which in practice in some third countries, such as insurance systems-income into force in the united states and canada .
in the future , the fund regulatory non-mandatory help , in my opinion , to balance the market in the pigmeat sector as they have done in other sectors .
mr president , that there is good in this debate , it is that it highlights what the common agricultural policy can regulate and what it can&apos;t .
the evolution of the market shows us that the cycle of pork is still in progress , it is still a reality , and also that the hard times make way for better times .
in particular , we should not forget that , in many countries , farmers grow fat themselves piglets that they have produced , and that they have direct access to the compensation fund for the pigs to the fertilizer that they have sold .
the debate is closed .
since the last discharge procedure , the court has adopted 24 special reports , which present the results of audits putting the emphasis on a wide range of specific areas in which the financial management of the community is likely to be improved .
this reflection m&apos; take to make a few comments about the reform of the commission .
the court accounts poses with because of very high requirements to the use of the taxpayers &apos; money . the commission relies on such high demands for the reform of the financial management .
the focus is obviously put on the fact that it is the duty of the european commission to avoid the formal errors, and the fight against fraud , all the more so that you always wonder where the limits are and exactly when things are confused .
the report of mrs schreyer was just as interesting .
it is necessary to find a solution and i pose the following question : can one consider a correction of the accounts for 1999 , mrs schreyer ?
we are told that it is not possible to calculate .
we could once and for all say : &quot; these are our problems, and we want to bring solutions &quot; .
the member states shall protect , they defraud , they neglect any form of control, and each time that criticism s&apos; rise , heads fall in brussels , that is to say, to the commission and elsewhere .
i also call on the ministers, as well as to the heads of state and government so that they approve in nice, the proposal for the creation d&apos; a european public prosecutor .
this report speaks repeatedly of management procedures and adequate control , lack of planning , assessments inadequate , the criteria for eligibility waves , or even non-existing .
i would like to thank the court of accounts to rapidly deliver its opinion on the reform of financial regulation .
however , i feel that the court of accounts has not done its job well enough to be able to help us in our task .
the whole process will take time .
this headline is based on a conference press-m. friedmann, and i ask you , mr. karlsson , why the members of the court of accounts are different statements according to which they are directed to the committee on budgetary control or publicly in the press .
allow me to congratulate the commission and the commissioner schreyer, in particular ; the court has pointed out that many of the changes that it had requested are implemented or are on the point of being .
finally , mr. karlsson , while we do all these changes within the parliament , may be can you make it to the united states to assist in the counting of the votes !
he was asked - as it has again been reminded today on several occasions - that the court explicitly cited the states in which fraud and irregularities have been discovered .
it s&apos; acts of documents of excellent quality , which are launching &quot; a stone in the pond &quot; of the common agricultural policy , which continues to favour the large farmers, at the expense of the smaller countries and the central regions of europe to the detriment of the country and peripheral regions .
i am extremely pleased .
on this point , it is all up to it was made clear that the court of first instance has brought us its support, saying that we had not only the right to mention these names, but we had also the duty .
thank you , mr president karlsson .
another paragraph that you want to remove relates to the obligation of professional secrecy and said that the obligation of professional secrecy shall be subject to the effectiveness of the services control and monitoring of hazardous products .
as a result , we have made another opinion here, and the majority of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market can only advise to the plenary follow particular the amendments 38 and 41 , which lessen the prohibition on export .
an example : in many industries , the products are no longer assembled by the manufacturer , but delivered in spare parts to the distributor .
in the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , we voted , under the wise guidance of our rapporteur , a series of amendments that once again my group recommends block to the assembly today .
our amendments 1 , 8, and 18 carry on this point .
a proposal has been formulated to remove this amendment as a preamble to the protection of professional secrecy and the fact that the producers not to self-incriminate .
in addition , the very nature of the benefits of the service&apos; s ready least .
mr president , i congratulate the rapporteur for his work , which meets the fundamental concerns of the consumers &apos; associations , which must be accepted as partners valid in a constructive dialogue .
in other sectors , this directive has been extended to other fields of application .
although the revision of the directive is formally provided for by the directive itself , this approach also reflects the willingness of the commission to strengthen the protection of the health and safety of consumers .
this is also extremely important from the point of view of the industry , in order to maintain a level playing field between the different actors , in particular with regard to imported products .
the only novelty is that dealers must maintain and provide to the competent authorities upon request , and within the limits of their respective activities , the documentation necessary to determine the origin of the products .
the amendment 7 provides some changes in the references to paragraphs .
it s&apos; acts of the aspects under the civil law , regulated by the directive on product liability , which were therefore not be addressed here .
this is not acceptable , given that these guidelines there is a general lack of provisions concerning the monitoring of the markets , reporting systems , etc .
this is not acceptable, because it is a major step forward compared to the existing directive .
on 30 august 2000 , at the conclusion of a meeting of the bureau of the presidency , which i was a part , and that my case had been discussed by a few friends , in my absence and without my knowledge , mr. baron crespo m&apos; know i m&apos; was self-excluded from its group .
( the parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
the first question raised by mr katiforis door on the term of nato and the second on the correctness of the order of the vote, as currently expected .
the mediterranean has always been a particularly sensitive region , marked by political problems , economic, and social importance .
the issue of funding also implies a will to succeed , which has not been demonstrated to date .
mr president , despite the progress made in recent years in the european union , in this europe, which is the champion of human rights , structural discrimination based on sex persists .
the only reason of its generalization is the race for the benefit of companies .
furthermore , the project of a &quot; code of conduct for the media &quot; does not seem to me not feasible .
in leaving , i said to him : &quot; don&apos;t worry , because there will be the report gonzalez alvarez, who will deal justly product safety &quot; .
n&apos; let us not forget that it is my colleague labour , mr. whitehead , who presented the amendments proposing to exempt shops charitable , and we should congratulate him for his work .
the amendment 14 weakens the board of management vis-a-vis the commission , by providing that its decisions are taken by simple majority .
the enlargement of the field of action of the european agency for reconstruction on the territory of the yugoslav federation should have taken place a long time ago , and would not have had to be linked to the internal changes in this country .
the report of the assembly intends to introduce further aid .
in regards to the meat of pigs , we don&apos;t have any regulatory market comparable to that which exists for other farm products .
it is senseless to create funds to mitigate the effects of recurrent crises .
this shows how a disaster can trigger another .
european governments do not want to displease the parties reactionary turks who refuse to abolish the death penalty and trample under their feet the rights of women , nor the turkish authorities always that suppress the kurdish people today , after having massacred the people of armenia
we measure so, of course, the importance of the progress reports prepared by the european commission .
i have voted in favour of this draft resolution .
unfortunately , many unresolved conflicts still persist , related to the realities kurdish and armenian , as well as the full respect of civil rights , even if many advances have been made in this area .
what it is , the gear set up makes its implementation, and we will impose its logic until the moment when the door-to-false will be so unbearable that it will lead inevitably to a deep crisis and serious of our relations with turkey .
mr president , you know that now , the new s&apos; is widespread among the fish that i support their cause .
for the rapporteur , the answer is to give the community , in an effective manner , of the resources to enable it to ensure the direct control of fishing activities .
a number of them are in no way concerned with certain areas to fishing .
very quickly , a mediation has proven to be necessary because the board does not seem to be willing to accept the amendments .
mr president , i share at least one certainty with the rapporteur , our colleague , mr blokland : the incineration may be a source of pollution is important , but it actually is today necessary , given the very low rate of recycling of waste .
primo - and c&apos; is the most important - it will contribute significantly to the reduction of the emission of hazardous substances and pollutants during the incineration of waste and of substances of very dangerous for the health of the man and harmful to the environment .
in some countries , the burning of waste , carefully sorted , in small-scale communal production of electricity and heating is also the best solution from the point of view of the environment .
in particular , i welcome the commitment to improving the public&apos;s access to information on the facilities of incineration and the obligation to their operators to publish an annual report on emissions .
the action of the two eu presidencies has been constructive and the commission deserves a special mention : it has contributed in a decisive way to the achievement of a final result is satisfactory .
the incineration of waste is the last stage of the treatment waste , according to the established hierarchy , and the commission will make serious efforts to reduce and recycle waste , as well as in its approach to integrated policy in the field of products .
the council of the employment and social policy was adopted in unanimity , on 17 october , in luxembourg , a european strategy for the fight against social exclusion .
but they were also found to be necessary because of the failure growing national health systems , which due to their public nature and to their higher cost , but also to the limitation of their funding from the state budgets , funding, which has steadily decreased in all member states in the course of the eighties and early nineties .
c&apos; is for this , precisely , that it is so important - and this is the most important result of this report, in fact - that the commission shall draw up short-term a green paper on supplementary health insurance .
the debate on the sickness insurance scheme within the eu must not lead to a dead end .
according to this design , the purpose of the market of private health insurance supplemental profit is taking an increasing and decisive , a function which supplement the diets of basic public .
these are the same doctors , the same nurses , the same beds in hospitals and the same public health resources to which they have appealed that the&apos; one has to deal with patients ordinary or to people who pay for their care .
all my congratulations to the rapporteur michel rocard .
the part of social insurance for residents escapes to the rules of coordination because it is not an insurance for workers and that it applies only to the residents .
we are opposed to this reform, anti-social .
the health care are financed in different ways according to the member states and the role of institutions private health insurance also differs .
our young charter of fundamental rights of the european union recognises and respects , through its articles 34 and 35 , the right of access to social security benefits and social services, and proclaims at the same time that any person , who is residing and moving legally within the european union is entitled to social security benefits and advantages social , in accordance with community law and national laws and practices .
the financing of the legal regime of the provident funds and the pension plan is at the centre of discussions on social policy, but also budget in europe .
the restructuring of social security systems in several member states also contribute to this .
green books today are the laws intrusive and damaging of tomorrow .
the commission will immediately launch a study on the health insurance extra .
i thank you for having understood that by this the process we are helping to ensure that the european union has found a program in this area , despite its limitations and shortcomings .
any person also needs to be placed in a situation such that it may acquire a qualification and adapt this qualification .
the countries that are not members of the euro area have their convergence programmes , which are to a large extent similar to the programs of stability , although the goals that they want to achieve are different .
finally , we estimate the extent to which the national budgets, which are presented each year are compatible with strategies more ambitious medium-term with respect to public finances .
in the case of finland , the public debt is already significantly inferior to that objective, and also reduces steadily .
on the one hand , the umts licences - as i said earlier, have been allocated to debt reduction , which allows to obtain a public debt which is located practically at the level of 60 % .
the inflation is undoubtedly a matter of concern .
i have at this time the impression that the forms currently used in the respective member countries are going in three directions .
this plan of action has implemented , as the government&apos; s in is set to the requirement , the primacy of public health and of the transparency .
this meeting allows in fact , at this very moment , to compare experiences and approaches on the program of tests , on the prohibition of animal meal and on the other provisions could be strengthened at the european level .
we have witnessed a disturbing increase in cases of bse detected in france in the course of the past year , in part because of the introduction of the random testing .
finally , we must not underestimate the tremendous progress made over the past few years , the last year in particular , by the establishment of a framework for the fight against bse .
the european parliament has always been a strong supporter of these tests , and i count on you to give your support to the approach of the commission .
a strict application of these controls is therefore necessary , both in terms of public health on the financial plan .
my only concern about the use of animal meal is whether they are or not a risk in the framework of the animal feed industry .
it remains to be seen whether the recent events have changed this opinion .
( applause )
i would like , madam president , that it will be my last response on this topic before this house , because it really takes to finish with this problem .
in some cases , it is necessary to cut down all the flock , which is a blow to the farmers concerned .
the grass our meadows , white clover , vetch - today neglected by the cap - can provide satisfactory solutions for the security of the food and feed .
one-off aid as the market support or premium to the grass are indispensable .
the scientific authorities had clearly indicated that the development of the disease in the cattle was not mastered and had pointed out the alarming growth in the number of sick animals .
i hear it all the time to talk to random testing .
( applause of the uen group )
even if it is a decision emanating from france , its implications go far beyond the french borders .
the health of european consumers should be considered an absolute priority in any decision-making .
a general prohibition of the use animal meal in the feed all the animals , that is to say , also in pigs , poultry, and fish , as claimed by some member states and some of my colleagues , is not scientifically justified .
madam president , i would like to ask the commission to be less categorical when she takes a position , especially when it provides a forecast for the future .
yesterday , the coordinators of the different parts of the committee on agriculture and rural development have agreed on the proposal to devote to the fight against bse 600 million from the reserves of 1.3 billion euros which the rest of the budget of the agriculture .
everyone recognizes that the esb , disease initially the british presented today as a french crisis , is actually a disease eu , a european problem , and that it must be addressed in this context .
we need to take precautionary measures now , not only on behalf of those of us who are concerned , but also on behalf of the minority of member states &quot; sufficient &quot; .
and tomorrow , with the prohibition of these flours , these are millions of hectares of culture oléoprotéagineuse who are going to default .
i did a quick calculation of the cost : this represents 10 cents per kilo .
it is a risk with premeditation of consumers, and this can not be tolerated .
the parliament is voting for half of the budget to encourage the production .
in addition , this regulation is constantly the subject of improvements and s&apos; adapts to the requirements of the europe .
however , our country has learned a lot , over the years , on the way to return to the his affairs in order .
france has been prohibit the consumption of coastline to the os and many french regions have removed the buf french menu of their school canteens .
i believe that we need , today , try , after your discussions , identify strong lines , as on the method on the means to achieve this requirement .
here we are talking about public health , therefore serious events that it is important to treat them as such , with rigour and without doubt with transparency .
i believe that the legislation has been complied with , and i don&apos;t think to be naive , but i do not believe that it is essential to impose a blanket ban on meat and bone meal in feed for pigs and poultry .
mr. martinez has participated in the first and i would like here , at the disposal of our colleague , his dissenting opinion, which has been formulated in writing during the first commission , the commission böge .
in a later phase , in the longer term , the goal will be to define a common system of asylum global .
on 12 december , the united nations signed in palermo on the global convention on organised crime with a protocol on the trafficking of human beings .
the program on the equality of the sexes for the next five years, that the commission has submitted&apos; s built around five axes , including the one related to the violence and human rights . we expect , in this area , the cooperation of governments , local authorities and non-governmental organizations , so that , in the course of the next five years , there has programs in all member states .
however, we have also set in motion , as a result of the plan of the stability and growth , the stability programmes .
on the external level , it is true that&apos; there is a problem - and i answer indirectly to mr. nogueira - that is , we must not forget , that the level of savings in europe is much higher than that of the united states .
during the campaign of collection , high levels of sulphur dioxide have been detected at some of the hot spots of the city .
the questions 25 and 28 will receive written answers .
( the sitting , suspended at 19 : 30 , and resumed at 21 hours )
after the mass unemployment of the 80-90s , the exclusion risk of becoming the new evil that will eat away the&apos; europe for the next decade .
c&apos; is so that we will have a basic understanding more common , because it is not easy to define the concept of social exclusion .
it would be useful to use a part of the increase of the financial envelope requested in this report to fund comparative studies on how these elements could be managed .
for my part , i think that the exclusion and poverty are secreted by our company , and we are collectively responsible .
in order to achieve economic and social cohesion desired , we need , in addition to a level of high employment , d&apos; a high level of social protection .
the fact is that the social exclusion constitutes a brake on the economic growth, while a society based on the inclusion promotes the growth and well-being of everyone .
naturally , the management policy of the labour market is part of this fight .
mr president , i congratulate the rapporteur for his excellent contribution to the identification of the causes and dimension of poverty , theme that suits a social reality that cruelty is not to be diluted in a concept as broad and abstract than that of the exclusion social .
the action programme proposed has a legal basis , article 137 of the treaty of amsterdam , and the lisbon council has entrusted us with a new mandate .
but i agree that the term &apos; poverty &apos; is a word politically very strong and i am in agreement as to which it is associated , when it is possible , to that of &quot; social exclusion &quot; in the text of the proposal .
finally , i would like to address your concerns regarding the involvement of different actors and institutions in the implementation of this program .
the proposal for a directive is a logical consequence of the strategy of the european union aimed at doubling the share of sources of renewable energy in the consumption of energy by 2010 .
in this regard , the member states have the possibility to calculate the exact amount of their respective contributions to the achievement of the objectives of the union according to the principle of burden-sharing , and i would say also in this field-sharing opportunities .
it is a summit that intends to curb climate change and where the kyoto protocol will pass the test of fire .
renewable energies are by far the most important source of energy currently used in the world .
however , these subsidies should be according to me to be reasonable and n &apos; be allocated as for a specified period of time .
c&apos; is this , to be political , c&apos; is to make possible a competition between the two instruments in protecting the guaranteed price and harmonizing everything that&apos;s certificate .
c &apos; is the reason for which i have tabled an amendment to apply to the waste incineration emission standards, very strict annex 5 of the revised directive .
many of us believe that the energy produced from waste should be included .
in my opinion , the promotion of renewable energy sources needs to be accompanied of a modern program of energy savings , because this dependence is also beginning to represent for us a security risk .
similarly , i would like to inform the commissioner that ireland will , in the very short term , to be competitive in the field of wind energy .
the debate on renewable energy should not turn into a populist campaign against nuclear power .
the commitment of the authorities is indispensable if we want to receive this funding is for everyone .
renewable energy is no exception .
c&apos; is what we need to do it on the map the european .
mr president , i would like first of all to congratulate ms. rothe for the great work that she has done and all the members who were involved, and which moreover have amended many times the text that has been proposed to the parliament and to the council .
the commission rejects this part of the amendment 27 as well as the amendments 11 , 54 , 55 , 61 and 57 that&apos;s related to it .
in regard to the principles on which the future regime to support the harmonized must be based , the commission can accept the parts of the amendments 37 and 38, which stipulate that this plan must take into account the environmental objectives of the treaty , the experience gained thanks to the support schemes that have proved that they were effective and positive , as well as geographic data .
the war widows are forced to raise their children alone , to care only of the old men .
the local participation in the process of building peace and reconciliation is important .
it is necessary to act preventively in relation to this kind of situation by offering women in the refugee camps , special protection by means of the division the camps .
finally , mr. chairman , i would like to express my disappointment about manuvres deployed in the shadow which have had the effect of weakening the paragraph 12 relating to the rights and the freedom of choice for women victims of rape and war situations .
so we have to be practical .
we can not allow this to continue because the rights , priorities and interests of women are too often ignored in the peace negotiations . and because in the rare cases where women occupy decision-making positions in these areas , they show extremely effective .
i lifted my hand a few priorities .
i am convinced that if women , palestinian and israeli , had their say and their role to play in the peace process , a fair and lasting solution could be found , in all likelihood , to the palestinian issue , and we would not find ourselves faced with the current crisis , which is the result of seven years of negotiations sterile .
mr. president , the report of mrs theorin contains many strange elements , and it seems to me that we should avoid giving to think that the armies are a kind of social service and that their main concern is to be politically correct .
mr. president , tell me who represents the council currently , or the high representative for the cfsp .
create opposition between the sexes , as it is applied tonight in this house , is in my opinion an approach that is neither peaceful nor constructive .
mr president , it is certain that we are at an initial stage where the sexospécifités , the participation of women , are beginning to make their appearance in different programs , when they do not become the rule .
so i think that these two ways are eligible to make a study on universal issues and to examine the attempts deployed in some countries .
in some cases , they are exploited and abused .
i am going to review some of the objections made .
it also claims that it would have the effect of creating , on the labour market , a class at a discount .
in austria , and in particular in my area , is applied for three years on a project funded by the eu , through which a service of the council for to women is with great success as an intermediary for helps .
now that the dark pages of the past decade are turned on , your presence in front of our assembly reflects our common desire to see the yugoslavia find very quickly to its rightful place in the european family .
but , today , after the burst policy decisive september 24, or the even more decisive on 5 october , foreign policy yugoslav s&apos; is set a primary goal , the adoption of a comprehensive approach to the group of nations that make up the union european , followed by the accession .
the most important task to achieve now is the establishment of a network of relationships internal democratic federal republic of yugoslavia .
a democratic state common allows muslims and albanians in montenegro and serbia to live in the same state and allows us to unite our forces in order to build our common state egalitarian .
i thank you , mr president , of this operation, which , as you can see , has impressed our assembly .
mr chairman , on page 27 of the annex to the trial-minutes , it takes note of my vote in favour of the amendment 20 of the morillon report .
my goal throughout the writing of this report , has been to put forward a proposal that is politically mature , eminently reasonable and practical , both for the institutions and the citizen .
another important amendment is the one concerning the proposal to include in the regulation not only the council , the commission and the parliament, but also all outside bodies .
c &apos; is also a very good thing that the institutions are subject , or rather that it is their gives the possibility to communicate documents to persons who did not live on the territory of the european union or who are not citizens of the european union .
that is why the text of mr cashman is not in any report .
unfortunately , the desire that had some of preventing all eventualities and to provide for the regulation the most complete and the widest possible was probably stronger .
mr president , a lot of smart things have been said about the context in which s&apos; registered this report .
mr president the report cashman can be summed up in a few words : the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy .
c&apos; is a point on which the parliament has taken a position in favour , and on which it will certainly be the focus , as it is important .
it is necessary now , in the course of our negotiations with the council and the commission , that we develop a proposal and that we reach a result .
according to what you said , this regulation relating to public access to documents has hardly been addressed within the college and has been considered up to now as a question mainly administrative .
c&apos; is of the rights of citizens which we handle this time .
we , the members of the list bonino , we consider that , at the same time , that we must not fall into the other extreme by imposing a hyper-regulation that would introduce an indiscriminate access to information or opinions that have no value in decision-making .
this point of regulation opens the door to arbitrariness .
one says one thing , but it is another .
the stakes are security court , a mode of administration and the democratic functioning effective .
this is an aspect which we must hold , especially in the quality of the parliament .
we have in all cases need of a new era of the information and a great opportunity that is offered to us , we parliamentarians , to show our true face .
in fact , it is important for the security itself that the citizens have the opportunity to assess their confidence in the european defence based on facts and documents .
i concluded that the council has committed , in july , a serious error stating that all of the military documents were strictly confidential .
that is why the fundamental principle is the opening , but it must be reconciled with the protection of the public interest and respect of certain rights that deserve special protection .
compel institutions to disseminate these notes internal could not produce , in many cases , that a certain confusion among the citizens .
at this stage of the legislative procedure , it is premature to adopt a position with regard to the opportunity of a direct relationship between the classification and the access to documents , as proposed in the amendment 29 , or the inclusion in this regulation standards to this effect .
mr cashman is right when he says that this is not the commission, to say to the political groups which position they should take here in the plenary .
i would like to emphasise the key role played by the joint parliamentary committee eu-malta in the ongoing negotiations in view of the accession to the eu of the republic of malta .
we do not, however, give the banks the right to set their own capital requirements, but , in practice , we would be very close to do that if we do not keep a careful about their internal systems .
( pt ) mr president , i would like to report to the plenary that the amendments included in the name of gue / ngl , i present as a rapporteur , the result of conversations with the council and the commission , and receive also the support of the coordinators of the political groups represented within the commission of the employment and social affairs .
it is a question here of legislation very important and it is also here of important articles .
( applause of the epp-ed group )
mr president , at the opposite of mrs theorin , i don&apos;t want to suggest that we move the votes and debates at the discretion of the conveniences of my personal agenda .
i am part of the parliamentarians who are rather honorably present .
i have voted against the culling of herds because i don&apos;t believe it is the best way to eradicate the bse .
to take measures at the european level ;
the second lesson . a quality agriculture , providing a degree of food self-sufficiency , will not be able to survive in europe in a context of free trade in the world .
the union , in its entirety , must be mobilised because it would not be tolerable that a country should take drastic measures and to put its economy in danger , while the other would continue to pursue their normal activities .
the cap has always promoted the intensification of the production or the &quot; verticalisation &quot; progressive production and the concentration of the earth , to serve basically the interests of the agro-food industry and major multinational food .
it is also an attitude of distrust vis-a-vis the european union, which , in their eyes , is not in a position to guarantee the safety of food products introduced on the market .
i would like to remind the decisive role played by our uen group to which it can be held , as well as the project is very consistent resolution that we have put forward .
report blokland ( a5-0321 / 2000 )
the parliament has still insisted successfully on another point : the facilities where are incinerated radioactive waste must be expressly excluded from the scope of application of the directive .
i am absolutely convinced that , in ninety-nine percent of the cases , these are the governments of our fifteen member states who bear the responsibility of the social exclusion and poverty .
but , unfortunately , good intentions are not a policy , be it that of termination .
too many of our citizens are left at the edge of the path .
l&apos; europe that can be economically strong that if it is socially just , we can only welcome this progress .
it would be more effective to fight against the exclusion , create, for example, a guaranteed minimum wage in europe .
thanks to a new approach , radical , i firmly believe that we can not only pass the cape of this critical moment , but also to achieve our final goal and , one day , fully eradicate the poverty and the social exclusion in the north-west .
i think about the nights are chilly and cold days of winter in europe , both in the north and that in the south , where many elderly people , by the lack of financial means , are, unfortunately, obliged to turn off the heating to make savings .
. i am, of course, in favour of the active promotion of renewable energies .
so i thank my colleague rothe for the quality of its report .
this is especially true for people who do not have the means and , in fact , have primary concern is to ensure that the costs of their household remain as low as possible .
the agenda item is the debate on the problems of the present , urgent and importance major .
we part company only on the point 5 of the resolution , but this does not constitute a divergence essential . it seems to us that, in approving this point the european parliament is to adopt an attitude overly paternalistic .
we believe , not only now , but since the creation of the parlacen , with seek to reduce its competence , to weaken its presence , because a parliament is still annoying , but i believe that the vocation of the parlacen , in the same way as ours or that of other parliaments , is to be beneficial for the population that it represents , even if it is inconvenient for the established powers .
c&apos; is one of the issues that has , obviously , a feeling almost unanimous , not only in this assembly , but also among many of the members who , by their origin , are watching with great sympathy the process of collaboration and consolidation of the institutions of the countries that we consider to be ours .
in the framework of our cooperation with the region , we have paid particular attention to all the institutions that can support the regional integration , the the general secretariat of the system for the integration of the central american court of justice and , more particularly , the parlacen , which is one of our priority objectives .
that is why our concern and our sadness have been very large, when we have seen the slow sinking political , economic and human development of the country , orchestrated by the military junta of general gueï .
in the current bankruptcy of the model of the ivory coast , the responsibility of the western is a clear and overwhelming .
the leaders have today &apos; d &apos; a new chance and let them, therefore, the grasp .
the european union must also ensure that none of its members shall base , with its former colonies - and i emphasise this-relationships based only on economic interests, or on sites geo-strategic .
when supporters of watara went down into the streets to demand new elections , their protests were violently suppressed .
the european union has the duty and has also declared its intention to contribute to a conduct peaceful , just , free and transparent elections that will take place in december and the local elections that will be held in january .
mr president , the european union has recently reported in various declarations , the excesses of the regime of general gueï and also lamented the exclusion direct of the main candidates of the opposition election of 22 october , exclusion and limited , in large part , the credibility of the electoral process .
( b5-0861 / 2000 ) mr. vinci and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group ;
mr president , during the period of the session in october , the commissioner patten m&apos; said then that he was responding to my question on burma , that if things were deteriorating in the country , the holding of the meeting between the eu and the asean , on december 11 and 12 , would be questioned .
in reality , as it has already pointed out , the situation in burma is in the process of&apos; getting worse . it is incredible that a democratically elected leader also important that aung san suu kyi continues to be the subject of persecution and that the democratic league may not be able to exercise its functions normally to restore democracy , and even more so when this country continues to benefit from economic investments that benefit , precisely , the lack of freedom , the absence of trade union rights .
i know that the idea of us know drumming at the door of this regime deadly and vicious brings him a little comfort, and i very much hope that the suggestions made at the time by mr deva and by mrs kinnock will be accepted and complied with by the commission .
vietnam
c &apos; is one of our partners . that is why we can not keep silent about the situation that prevails there .
we have adopted this resolution and we have had the opportunity to see that it had been some small improvements .
israel is well , in this regard , one of the examples of the most obvious of the world history , which show that things are not so simple .
consider also the negation of the recommendations of the special rapporteur of the united states concerning the religious intolerance . consider the absence of free expression of the opinion and the censorship of media existing .
the commission fully shares the concerns of members and agrees categorically to the many criticisms expressed today , on the manner in which the military regime has the habit of trampling all the principles contained in the universal declaration of human rights .
i fully share the concern of some members about the problems that they have described . although some 23 000 people have already been released under amnesties general , we must continue to worry about the people who remain in detention for their political or religious views .
the vote will take place at 17 : 30 .
the eu has a unique opportunity to be a pioneer in these changes and to promote a society that is sustainable in environmental , where we would no longer have to deal with floods in part due to our own inability to face the consequences of our actions .
the commission must hasten to use its energy and its funds to ensure that those affected by the floods in the most affected regions may be helped immediately , and that by the acting through instruments such as the erdf and eaggf guarantee section .
having regard to the proportions absolutely outstanding of the disaster , the request made in the resolution that we presented together to the other groups is perfectly justified , although it has already been recently - last october 26 - a debate of this assembly on these issues and that a resolution of the parliament has also been adopted on this occasion .
as you know , we are faced with a fundamental problem : the legal basis for action .
the order of the day called the vote on the problems of the present , urgent, and of major importance .
mr president , i am very concerned about this issue, and have participated in many debates on the subject both in the committee on employment and social affairs that in the committee on economic and monetary affairs .
i understood that this addition can count on the approval of the other groups .
we believe that the goal should be to strengthen the system of public health, the social protection system , and ensure a substantial content to the concept of universal service , through the provision of medical assistance and measures for the prevention of high quality each and every citizen , paying particular attention to the inhabitants of remote regions or islands , in the framework of a system as a unique public insurance and health care and welfare .
nevertheless , i would like to especially emphasize the fact that all the other measures of health protection are not within the jurisdiction of the european union , but of the member states and that the health-care systems continue to be the exclusive competence of the member states .
the rest of what he offers is to heal the wounds caused by this choice .
at least , the majority of my the group has voted against, and we have also ensured that the vote on the report did not place in the course of the last plenary session , but be postponed until today .
this means that , if we are able to close our work in the first reading with the council and with the assistance of the commission , we can of course do , but we will not give up from the start of our rights .
but finally , let&apos;s admit it , admit that the arbitrator is not available to the opponent and to accept the idea that the texts of the commission and rapporteur meet a real problem and increasing the words , and that the simultaneity of these thoughts with those of the basel committee is the opportunity of a tune-up .
this, however, are small and medium-sized businesses that create most of the new jobs and maintain most of the jobs that already exist .
that is why it is important not to dissociate themselves from what is happening in basel , even if it is obvious that we have a legislative procedure own .
the way in which we must achieve to maintain the institutional balance current is , for us , a fundamental point in in this process .
the assembly will forgive me , while the evening falls on the end of the session of the parliament , if i let myself go to draw my inspiration in a certain melancholy at me .
the public must have complete trust in the person of the mediator, and be sure that it is impartial in its investigations .
i would like to thank mrs. almeida garrett for its commitment on this important matter .
in the past , the ombudsman , which we have just mentioned , has received several complaints about the lack of transparency in recruitment possibilities and it&apos;s is a very serious problem , because we fully concur with the opinion of the ombudsman, according to which the recruitment procedure is very often the first contact of the young citizens of the union with the european institutions .
s&apos; there must have been inconsistencies , the candidate must have the right to report them .
we must not contribute to freeze devices which may apply to institutions as diverse as the commission or the court of justice .
the committee takes note of the fact that the european commission has informed the ombudsman that it would implement the recommendation since the 1st of july 2000 .
these are amendments clear , concise, and practical , which represent a real reform , that is to say, the only reform that is worthy of the name that the european institutions should adopt in regard to the procedure of recruitment .
a transparent selection process and without recourse to the confidentiality or secrecy is the hallmark of a democracy that has confidence in it .
for example , we already allows candidates to outweigh the questionnaires of the examination , that the general criteria of evaluation to be communicated to the candidates who make the request , that the list of candidates or the composition of the jury of the contest are published in the official journal , in the case of competition in general , and on the web site of the commission , in the case of internal competitions or restricted .
there a few months ago , the president prodi stated that this option would be provided for all competitions , from july 2000 .
we are for the moment to the adoption of the minutes .
( applause )
d &apos; agreement , therefore , for a weighting coefficient higher - by example, 10 % - but that is absolutely fixed in all cases and in all circumstances .
my opinion is that we can be proud of , as the european parliament , having put the idea of a european police college on the rails .
we know that some member states still support the establishment of the college as a single permanent network of national institutes , but we assume that the majority agrees with this proposal as a step for the establishment of a solid institution within a maximum period of three years .
the term dutch politieacademie me is reminiscent of a soap opera american television comedy on the police .
do we , if we have a police college , that it is , as pointed out in the report of mr. posselt , founded on the need to develop and promote the observance of the rights of the human and civil rights in the culture of our police .
as this aspect has not been clarified , i must tell you frankly that i can&apos;t even approve of the principle .
i note that the rapporteur wants to change the term &quot; senior officials of the services in charge of the application of the law &quot; in the &quot; ups officials of the services in charge of the application of the law with the powers of the police &quot; , which is probably a good idea .
for me, coming from a different political environment , it is very interesting to the hear repeated , with the same hysteria , the same concerns .
it could be the&apos; call the police soft , but she was able to heal the wounds of the civil war and to make credible the idea of the law and the order .
i prefer a police formed and organized small-scale , constantly fed by signals of the society in which it should function .
the commission is ready to fulfill this mission , if it is so decided .
it is particularly important to emphasize that the european police college , the entry into service is planned for 1 january 2001 , n &apos; is not a simple network of national institutes for the training of the police of the member countries of the eu , but that it also involves the candidate countries of central and eastern europe .
d &apos; after that, &apos; he said to me , c &apos; is the path that is being taken europol if we do not fix quickly its trajectory .
there are problems constitutional in some member states , including germany and austria .
it is a fact that the &apos; europe without borders has contributed to the increase in the number of marriages between persons of different nationality , from both the european union and third countries .
other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated .
but whilst it is true that it is a big step forward from this point of view , it is not the less true that i share the opinion of ms. banotti and other members who regret that its scope is limited to the protection of children from marriages recognized as such by the law .
can i ask you&apos; d have to clarify your point of view concerning article 17 ?
for proposals submitted by some of the large federations , in relation to certain terms and conditions sports , which is demonstrate in favour of a protocol allowing them to escape to the basic rules of the treaty , in particular those relating to the free movement and competition , it should be pointed out that this exemption , as it is defined , would be clearly disproportionate to the objectives to be achieved .
the eu should not shrug and say, so what if the prohibition of the system of transfers cause irreparable damage to the football .
i would like that before that it gives new powers to the commission , the latter makes use of those whose it offers .
provided that the details of its application comply with the rules appropriate , such a measure seems to be in agreement with the current community law which aims to remove the distortion of competition by establishing mechanisms for fair taxation of costs of infrastructure for road transport operators and to harmonize the systems of levies within the european union .
perhaps it would be advantageous at this time to simply say that the british government really has proposed , and also the fact that it offers , keeping in mind the crisis in the road transport sector in england and in all the other countries of the european union .
when an important proposal of this type is highlighted , we , the members of this assembly , should have the opportunity to reflect and discuss it as soon as possible , not necessarily for the last time .
the pension is therefore required .
regarding your first point , mr. miller , this proposal was suggested to the assembly by the president and it is the assembly, which has given its consent to the modification of the order of the day today .
i am in agreement on the fact the trucks irish are a special case .
j&apos; expresses his family , his relatives , friends , to all those who , in spain , believe in the strength of democracy , my deepest sympathy .
i note , mr dell &apos; alba .
in order not to allow that the mandate of the plan of action of buenos aires , valid until the conference cop6 , expires without result or without result , the parties decided to suspend the cop6, and to pursue the conference in may 2001 .
in addition to the pursuit of co-ordination within the european union , it would be necessary to intensify contacts with other parties .
many countries , and in particular the environmental groups , saw this as a huge loophole .
the fact that the output to the less noisy mr prescott has been followed by new proposals of americans who were very close to the position of the european union shows that the french presidency had reason to hold good .
and if the clean development mechanism works , they will receive each year between five and twenty-five billion dollars more .
then , china needs to stabilize its emissions and india will be able to arrive at a rate of emissions two times higher .
the usa is the largest polluters by head capita .
the committee on the environment, this parliament has , in the past , held the first rank to respond to the problem of climate change .
but i would not want to fall in the quarrels of people , and avoid this kind of discussion is totally negative .
kyoto can not remain an empty promise .
on the other hand , i think that those , among the enterprises and the actors of the economic life , who are considering this issue in a serious manner , and who would have liked that they provide rules of the game , are also losers .
to speak clearly at the time of the balance sheets , we can say that among the three parties , only the european union has reached an agreement and a comprehensive policy on climate change .
we must, of course, a few clear operational rules to govern the exchange market of the rights issue , which will reach a value of the twelve billion dollars .
the ministers all know that they can not escape this immense task which is the fight against climate change ; it was also clear at the meeting of the hague .
the president of the republic will come to present to you the results of the presidency on 12 december .
the fifteen are now close to an agreement on the easing of enhanced cooperation .
in contrast , the idea of a reference to the charter of fundamental rights in article 6 , defended by the european parliament , in its recommendation of 14 november of last year , and we have also , as the presidency , put on the table of the igc , has been vigorously rejected by several member states .
we will have fulfilled the mandate determined by the council the cologne european and the eu have a reference to the very strong , marking a clear rights and values that she believes in .
finally, the european council of nice was to illustrate the priority of the french presidency attaches to economic and social issues and to all the subjects on which the union can respond effectively to the concerns of europeans .
in addition , on the basis of the conclusions of the feira , calling for the implementation of an action plan e-europe for a society of the information accessible to all , the council has worked indicators progress .
this debate has several aspects, and i am quickly three of them : first , the need to close the intergovernmental conference for the adoption of a treaty that actually brings an added value ; then , the aspect of our security policy that addresses the management of crises ; and finally , the need to stake out the road beyond nice .
there is a lot to do before we had a suitable solution .
so we need a re-weighting of votes depending on which a majority of states , which would not represent the majority of the population , may not be able to decide ; it must be that here is a democratic principle clear prevail .
i am entirely in agreement with the president prodi to say that we have a historic opportunity that we cannot miss .
my group , at this stage , would prefer a re-weighting of votes , the double majority , but you have explained that other points are at the examination .
our group strongly supports the idea of a constitutionalization of the founding treaties , and this implies that the reform of the treaties will be made in transparency and with the participation of the the civil society .
the strengthening of democracy inevitably involves an extension of the right of co-decision with the european parliament .
do let&apos;s not , tomorrow , with a new multilateral agreement on investment, or a new trading agricultural after seattle .
the domestic policy and the policy of justice will be the subject of decisions by a majority vote from 2004 .
mr president , there is nothing that the title of this point of the agenda is already talk of the importance of article 133 in the debate on the extension of qualified majority voting .
it is particularly sad to find yourself in a situation where the large and small countries are trained against each other .
everyone needs to make a end of the road if it wants to effectively that a qualified majority is made available to allow the union to include new countries into its bosom .
the parliament has also proved that it was a serious partner in the elaboration of the charter , and it would be particularly comforting that the prime minister blair acknowledged publicly .
if the nice summit decided , for example , that the candidate countries may participate in the the next european elections , this could help to put pressure on the eu to ensure that the enlargement becomes a reality .
i waive these 40 areas , if we extend the qualified majority voting in five areas that it will make essential and what are the trade , social policy , law , home affairs , structural policy and taxation , to mention only the most important .
we are today on the eve of the conclusion , the progress achieved and the initial results obtained do we not have escaped , but we must be frank : almost ten months, the intergovernmental conference on these critical issues , the notice does not come to a close , mr védrine , we don&apos; not found&apos; agreements , not to speak of the fact that some of the issues cited by the parliament in its resolution of april 13, n&apos; have not even been addressed , it s&apos; acts of the management of the economy, or the institutional implications of the common defense .
governments have lost sight of the urgency of the reforms because they are blinded by their own weight in the new balance of power .
mr president , i would like to remind the council and the commission , and, of course, the parliament , the resolution on &quot; better lawmaking &quot; that we have adopted on 26 october .
i think that all of the stakeholders&apos; s concerned about the outcome of the european council of nice .
finally , not only in the charter of fundamental rights is not inserted up to here in the text of the treaty , but it is not even accepted there, to make reference to article 6 .
if i don&apos;t hear no m&apos; opposed to the aspirations and , in fact , the rights of some of these countries who wish to join the community in 2002 , it would not be , i think , not in their interest or in the interest of the member states , to reach this point without that there is no guarantee first of all an orderly transition , causing a minimum of distortions on the economies of the current member states .
each will have to sacrifice some of its exceptions cherished if we want to achieve a result in nice .
we know that a definitive solution should be found for the elections 2009 european ; that is to say, for the legislature, which will run , after all , up to 2014 .
i am of the opinion that in nice it will take at least accept the compromise that in this parliament, we demand to know the combination of the charter with article 6 , paragraph 2 .
the public opinion , either within the eu or in the candidate countries , does not accept the prospect of remaining balances of nice or a second igc in 2004 .
the european parliament will condemn any tripping .
if we consider this , mr. chairman-in-office of the council of the french presidency plays a decisive role at this level , we must also note that in a few days of the summit , we are still at the point of death .
apart from the general balance of the next igc , a small detail , which has, alas, all its importance,&apos; m worried .
despite this , i would like to point out , even if this exercise is very useful , since it raises a lot of questions relevant and suggestions , as i find the tone of all too negative .
we do our best , if i may say so .
they accept the principle , it agree to the prospect , but they have interests democratic legitimate to defend, and they consider that the conditions are not yet ripe .
this is why it is so important to strengthen in nice, the community method , the value of the european institutions - the council , parliament and commission - and their way of working .
a proceeding in such a manner violates the rules of this parliament , constitutes a flagrant lack of courtesy in the case of a host prominent and could have very serious consequences .
i will certainly pass the name to the president and i&apos;ll ask him d&apos; investigate and take the necessary measures in order to avoid that the&apos; can still be found in our parliament such people , who came to disturb and threaten , what is more, with the help of members of the european parliament !
almost the same day , an important personality of the cypriot parliament , which has already visited the european parliament , mr. christou , s &apos; is denied the turkish visa so that he was on his way , would you believe it , at a tripartite meeting in istanbul , between turks , greeks and cypriots , that is to say, the process is very peaceful .
c&apos; is the proof that the verbal abuse leads to violence physical .
in 1966 , ernest lluch , his brother and myself have been excluded , with some sixty members of the teaching staff of the university of barcelona by the franco regime .
mr gorostiaga , you are a disgrace to this parliament .
a5-0339 / 2000 ms. daylight , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , on the establishment of a common european policy on security and defence after the cologne and helsinki &#91; 2000 / 2005 ( ini ) &#93; ;
even the levels of commitment are at the national level , because each country decides how to participate or not to participate in a military intervention .
in the first place , a brief note on an issue of vital importance , the question of the relationship of the new european policy with nato .
similarly , it is to clarify the status of the high representative vis-a-vis the triangle existing and the commissioner in charge of external relations .
then , the permanent arrangements with third states and with nato .
three common strategies have been adopted since the month of may 1999 on russia , on the ukraine , on the mediterranean .
there was also an eu-ukraine summit on september 15 , and the political dialogue fruitful s &apos; is now extending to the questions of export of conventional arms , security and disarmament , subject highlighted by the osce as being a problem with this country .
i would not like to conclude this review without recalling the action of the union on what we call today the major issues of global or horizontal , in particular in the field of human rights , where it is necessary to further work on the consistency of the policy european in international fora , and better involvement of civil society .
i&apos;m happy to continue with this by exposing you today the results of our conference undertaking capacity of 20 november last year .
these contributions provide so , on a quantitative level , to respond fully to the overall goal set by the council .
by 2003 , when the bodies will be able to carry out their duties , the european union will be gradually able to perform some of the petersberg tasks .
we all know that the genesis of the european union and the main aim of the founding fathers was to avoid that the europe is torn in a new civil war .
it is necessary to continue to strengthen the coherence and effectiveness in all the pillars of the external activities of the european union .
once again , i refer to the media in my country , who sometimes tend to not be totally objective and balanced , and that seem to experience some difficulty to grasp this distinction .
the offensive on talokan cut the only supply route in the direction of the valley the panchir and the plain of chamali where are concentrated the forces of commander massoud , but also an important part of the refugees and displaced populations .
the rapid reaction force is intended to run the petersberg tasks .
that is why it seems somewhat pointless to settle in detail , for example , the organization of the european air forces .
the same ideas , revolving around the theme of transparency as wide as possible , were expressed in the report cashman , that we have adopted with a large majority , two weeks ago , in strasbourg .
i would like to know the reaction of mr. richard about this and ask him what should be, according to him, the role of the european parliament if this secret protocol does not exist .
this needs to stop .
nevertheless , the &quot; republic of fear &quot; , qualifier striking used for years to refer to the regime of terror that saddam remains largely under-estimated by a number of european politicians , even here in the european parliament .
i would particularly like to highlight the progress made under the aegis of the french presidency in the field of foreign policy and security policy as well as in the field of defence , and i would like to insist on these advances as at the moment of the previous debate on the european council in nice , there were some caveats on the progress registered in a comprehensive manner under this presidency .
i know , mr. minister , that you are skeptical on this point , that you come again to say not as you had already made it to paris in other circumstances . but this parliament , beyond any political affiliation , persists, and will attempt to impose this view .
the concentration on the management purely reactive crisis has put the common foreign and security policy in a very bad position .
this means that the first objective of the council shall be to carry out actions to reduce exports of weapons in unstable regions , that a fair trade policy must be put in place , that there must be an aid to sustainable development, and above all , a support of the democratic forces within civil society .
we also appreciate highly the efforts made by mr. patten , who is very popular among us , just as mr. solana , which shows that it takes finally initiatives .
i have to say that we can support many of the elements of the brok report , in particular the importance attached to the enlargement of the european union .
thirdly , i welcome the rapid reaction force , the european perspective must be clear because we have only one chance of securing it .
mr president , we are discussing today the two reports of a political character important , since the one and the other mainly relate to the cfsp .
we will never be philosophically neutral and it should not confuse this concept with the military neutrality .
however, i am wondering if it would not have been possible to strengthen the critics , or even to threaten sanctions against the country, which , more than any other , supports this regime and without the aid of which the taliban would fall , that is to say, pakistan .
mr president , we read in point 31 of the brok report on the foreign policy and security policy the following message : &quot; stresses the need for the democratic legitimacy of the russian federation , and knowing that there is a political union between russia and belarus , its president and its government reiterated clearly the strong necessity of democratic reforms in belarus , especially in the light of the report that the parliamentary troika of the european union , the council of europe and the osce was presented in minsk on october 16, 2000 . &quot;
the question of the concept : this concept is adopted since 1992 .
there will be still forms of approximation to invent with national parliaments , but which is , in any case , within reach of our hands, and which represents a turning point , in which we can , i believe , the one and the other , we rejoice , c &apos; is that the fifteen nations , which form this union , who have already built a political reality affecting positively the reports of the &apos; global influence , these fifteen nations have chosen to provide themselves with the means of action set in the case where the violence defies our values .
after the reports of the independent expert , the commission , under the impulse mr kinnock , has proposed a reform of its operation in a white paper .
in the background , it is systematically reminded that , in addition to any legislative procedure , all the decisions on budgetary matters shall be taken in the framework of the annual procedures and of the interinstitutional agreement of reference .
it is with great satisfaction that the committee having regard to the conclusions of the report bourlanges on the outsourcing times in the letter of amendment .
it will be followed by many other reports and , for my part , rich in these few weeks of work in dialogue , i would like that this method to be preserved for the future .
this is the foundation of the new philosophy of management of the committee : each administrative unit will be called upon to assume the responsibility of the regularity and legality of all its acts .
mr president , i take particular pleasure to be finally - and i emphasize the word &quot; finally &quot; - able to present you with this report this evening .
this is the heart of what we are trying to do here .
the commission is today able to complete the missions and , beyond that , the function policy , conferred upon it by the treaties ?
we will continue to spring from the conclusions of nice and on the basis of the new proposal of the commission .
however , we will give a vote of confidence to the commission so that it precisely as possible the scope of its proposal .
the reform process is initiated and implemented , as evidenced by the regular reports of the commission .
the payment of invoices by the european union must be done according to the same practices as in the rest of the world .
we find that the increase of the workforce is too hesitant because if one considers the current tasks related to the enlargement to the countries of the east , it is clear that increases in manpower more important will be needed in the future .
c&apos; is for this reason that the new rules must be examined on the basis of their applicability .
the commission , institutional body that is fundamental to the current system of the european union realizes , with all of its structure , the policy community, as desired by the parliament and the council .
we are opposed to the other amendments which , either , n&apos; bring nothing to the report , to be we dive in delirium .
accordingly , the proposals of the commission - the white book - promoted by the commissioner kinnock , receive the support of our group policy .
late payment&apos; s up and the obstacles are well-known .
we have all seen that the effect of paralysis on , or rather the effect of total paralysis , which has resulted in the culture of fear within the commission - i want to talk about services and officials .
mr. chairman , commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , i will be brief but before to continue , i would like to congratulate all of the rapporteurs .
this debate also enables me to give you a brief updated table of the most recent advances in the field of implementation of our strategy of modernization and preparation of future enhancements , improvements that we have outlined here are eight months in our strategy .
if i had more time , i would be, of course, pleased me to reflect on the issues raised , and i am sure that the&apos; opportunity&apos; s will .
other elements are in the course of design , yet others still need to be supported and set to be implemented by the decisions of the european parliament and of the council .
the commission must achieve to meet the payment deadlines and this figure among its objectives .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 o&apos;clock .
we will see in the next year, when the assessment that we requested on the results of the reform we will be presented .
the share of the latter in the aid world was , it did thirty years ago , of 7 % , it is 17 % today .
we want to have clearer objectives .
the commission must also ensure that this occurs at the international level .
in fact , according to this the report , poverty and under-development continue to gain ground, and many people still cannot exercise their inalienable right to live in dignity .
the process of implementation of the decision taken in the month of may by the commission for the reform of external relations is on the right track .
it is also necessary to ensure that the programmes can , in the future , be easily managed by our delegations and made more accessible to our partners .
( a5-0342 / 2000 ) mr. ortuondo larrea , on behalf of the committee of the political for regional transport and tourism , on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council amending council directive 94 / 57 / ec of the council establishing common rules and standards relating to the bodies authorised to perform the inspection and survey of ships and for the relevant activities of maritime administrations ( com ( 2000 ) 0142 - c5-0175 / 2000 - 2000 / 0066 ( cod ) )
in fact , on the basis of the proposals that we made last february , the european commission has made proposals with the utmost speed .
all of these proposals have regarding the essence of the regulation on the transport maritime , and i would like to remind here that in addition to the three proposals that need to be discussed by this assembly today , the package of measures erika ii , as mr. gayssot has already said , will be , as to him , discussed next week .
there has been since then , alas , many other maritime disasters , we do know that all too well .
third , we affirm , and we are not far from there , the only ones to do so , that a vessel dangerous should not simply be withheld at the dock to be then allowed to return to the sea .
i would like to add that the initiative of the commission to present this position was important because it has played as a sword of damocles , as an effective pressure on the imo in order to bring .
on the other hand , the inspections will be imposed only when they can be carried out by inspectors exclusive and specialized , and cannot have any connection with the shipowner , and that the latter does not control the body of classification of the ship .
in addition , even if the direct discharge of industrial materials , including the disposal of military ammunition considered obsolete , is a practice that has been largely abandoned by the member states , these munitions and industrial materials continue to pose a real threat to the fishing industry and in some cases a threat to the safety of the men .
the cooperation includes the exchange of information and the statement of the sites of disposal of ammunition .
vigorous action must be conducted on the issue of flags of convenience , including , for example , one of the kerguelen for france , and against ships that have beaten 36 months prior to the adoption of these guidelines , the flag of the state listed in the table of fixed assets and delays above average , published in the annual report of the memorandum of paris under the heading &quot; black list &quot; .
so , please accept this proposal !
that is why i ask you, in my turn, to finish as quickly as possible to the council .
if a flag state remains in default , the port state must in this case receive more responsibilities .
eight thousand and ninety thousand ships that sail on the seas around the world are below the standards of security and four thousand and transport of hazardous materials .
the maritime insecurity , many of the players point out , is largely the result of the deregulation and practices of convenience .
how can we , in the midst of the french presidency of the union , explain to our citizens that the european parliament has removed the necessary measures of incentives and disincentives financial him were proposed to speed up the passage to the double hulls .
concerning the responsibilities of the port state , it can not continue to under-estimate the tasks of the port authorities .
i know that it s&apos; acts of text maximum that the council can accept , but we will not contribute to its adoption in the hope that it will be improved in the second reading . we do vote, however, not against because we recognize the excellent the work carried out by the rapporteur , mr ortuondo , which by some amendments transaction show us the way to follow in the next reading .
it was in the first place of the loss of the erika , but at the same time , an oil tanker sinking elsewhere , off the turkey more precisely .
i have now only a few small comments to make about the single hull .
we have the means and the political and economic impose and enforce our choice .
we need a comprehensive overview of the responsibility of all actors .
this also concerns the specifications of the double-hulled ships .
we may be able to avoid a disaster .
this is , i think , the balance which may be obtained on the basis of the proposals of the commission and of the imo , as well as reports to the examination for which the colleagues who are the authors really deserve congratulations .
the evidence is that the measures adopted at the international level to improve security and reduce accidental pollution have had a certain success .
the commitment of the classification societies should be evaluated with the aid of the common criteria : number of accidents , incidents or detentions of ships inspected and certified , which are at the origin of the pollution .
when the ievoli sun sank , the boat was young , relatively , double-hull , the crew is community , and the italian pavilion .
but what is most important , it is the fervent desire that must animate us collectively to change the rules of the game&apos;s current maritime transport in order to reduce the insecurity maritime .
most of the amendments focus on the refusal proposed that the access to the waters of the community .
number of them either do not apply to the control by the port state , either are already taken up by this directive or by another directive .
for similar reasons , the commission is unable to agree with the new amendment, 22 , who made reference to the important issue of security of navigation but does not have its place in the proposed regulations .
i share the concerns of the parliament , which insists on the fact that an owner of ships should be able to exert any improper influence on the classification society .
second , in the context of our proposal erika ii regarding the monitoring of navigation , the member states have the obligation to intervene , even in the high seas , in similar cases .
mr. poos , you want to intervene on the debate ?
( the parliament approves the proposal of the commission )
we remove our resolution because its content has been reproduced almost in full, and literally in the joint resolution signed by the presidents of the main political groups .
the first part is an oral amendment , but the second part focuses on a separate vote that i cannot accept , because this amendment n&apos; has not been filed in time .
report ( a5-0328 / 2000 ) mr lamassoure , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs , on the white paper on the reform of the commission ( the aspects that relate to the commission of constitutional affairs ) ( com ( 2000 ) 200 - c5-0448 / 2000 - 2000 / 2218 ( cos ) )
report watts ( a5-0343 / 2000 )
the control of merchant ships should be carried out by a public service-state with a staff of suitably trained and the necessary technological equipment , with an active participation of the trade union movement of seafarers .
. i have voted in favour of the report of mr watts, which aims to strengthen the quality and frequency of inspections in ports of the member states of the european union .
if we had thought of it sooner , if mr. hatzidakis had been here before , in recent years , he would certainly have proposed the double-hull vessels and we would have avoided many disasters .
the risk of collisions maritime there is so high that without support and additional control , the risk of accidents of the sea would probably increase .
he must keep to the proposal of the commission .
in the case of the erika , the local industries of fishing and aquaculture have been hit hard , and it is important to consider not only the tragic consequences that are observable directly after the disaster , but also to see further and to take into account the adverse effects of the long-term oil pollution .
the baltic sea is an inland sea, very fragile , already heavily polluted by the discharge of the industry , wastewater and agriculture .
in addition , the training of inspectors of these companies varies from one country to the other .
but the it would be better that a control harmonized become directly the responsibility of the authorities .
we refuse the extension of generalized votes by qualified majority accompanied by the parallel extension of co-decision and the abolition of the luxembourg compromise .
about the foreign policy and of common security , we are in agreement with the balance that has been assigned to the treatment of seizures .
we have expressed , during the whole of the intergovernmental conference , our opposition to the idea sustained multiple times by a majority of the members of expand significantly the order of the day ; we have also expressed this position at the time of each vote on the proposals for a resolution tabled on this subject .
it should be said clearly the importance of the social agenda for it to be quickly implemented .
in regard to the widespread use of qualified majority voting , i don&apos;t think that it is a wise proposal , given that it would encroach on the right of member states to take a decision in time on the community or non-community of a policy .
the ins the liberal europe , not only n &apos; expand that the misery of the peoples already crushed by poverty , but they impose , on this occasion , a political project : formalize a pole of rich countries to control a european market expanded .
the parliament has just voted for a resolution on the nice summit, which has the following characteristics :
our discussions in this forum , look more like monologues successive that a real exchange .
i am opposed to the development of a common defence policy and the establishment of a council of defence ministers .
we believe that this transformation of the delegations of the commission, delegations of the european community might lead to conflicts of interests with the diplomatic delegations national of our different countries .
it is clear, therefore, that it is by way of a search of harmonization , when it is desired , timely and effective decisions, which remain fundamentally the prerogative of the national actor , that we will be able to strengthen the weight of the diplomatic action of the european , and not by means of structural constraints totally inoperative .
the five members danish liberals in the european parliament has voted for the report daylight on a common policy on security and defence , because we are in favour of a strengthening of the capacity of action of the member countries of the eu and , by the same token , the one of the nato .
we are all the more against this military policy imperialist that he reigns in the chamber for a consensus said on the subject , an acceptance and a show of support to this policy on the part of the immense majority of the groups of the extreme right to the greens and the pes .
the paragraph 49 is planning to oblige the member states who do not want or can not take part in a mission , to take nevertheless hand, and to the fund .
the rapporteur lists a series of reasons justifying an intervention from outside the territory . one of them is the outrage is justified with regard to ethnic conflicts outside of the union .
in addition , we have specific objections on many paragraphs , such as :
such a break with the nato, with the simple goal to close a little bit more, l&apos; europe itself is away from the beautiful speeches that followed the fall of the wall .
i refuse, however, that it interprets my vote as proof that i am opposed to the participation of women in peaceful settlement of the conflicts .
. the only positive aspects of the report are that it calls for a &quot; european definition of domestic work &quot; and a &quot; clear limitation of a maximum number of hours worked &quot; .
it is obviously an almost ideal situation , when i read all the proposals in favour of the rules of exception which are enumerated in this report .
the income tax , social tax and the vat are to climb the hourly rate up to levels that virtually no household with income normal n&apos; is willing to pay .
. ( nl ) the work of women has a long history of wrong payments , poor working conditions , legal position unfavourable and sexual intimidation .
this resignation , the culmination of a long rotting , must not make us forget that the &quot; delors commission &quot; was responsibilities heavier than the one that succeeded him .
but i&apos;ve mostly voted for because i would like to - and i want to say it in front of parliament that , if one checks the accounts , that is to say how the money was spent by the commission , it does not watch only the control figures - four more four equals eight , eight plus eight equals sixteen , sixteen, sixteen more equal thirty-two , thirty-two to thirty-two equal sixty-four - but that it also controls whether the expenditures have been really useful to l&apos; europe , if they have really achieved what we wanted to achieve .
similarly , the opacity and the measures of complacency must disappear in recruitment , in particular in relation to temporary positions .
- ( in ) the british conservative meps will vote against the report given their opposition repeatedly expressed to the extension of qualified majority voting and the proposal to incorporate the document on the fundamental rights in the treaty .
interruption of the session
c&apos; is what m&apos; had been said , but i&apos;m going to go to the new cooler and i will pass your message .
c&apos; is the position adopted by our group .
madam president , the nice summit is particularly important .
as regards the substantive reasons , i will not take only one example .
we believe that this report needs to be deepened and , therefore , ask to be able to discuss it and put it to the vote in january .
gold his presence is very important for this report , which is of great interest and whose success depends to a major part of the commission .
the parliament&apos;s rules of procedure stipulates that it is forbidden to smoke in certain places, among which this chamber .
adaptations of the draft directive are necessary , are presented .
hope that we will be able to do it now .
if such is not the case , the responsibility will be at least clear and well-defined .
but , my dear fellow , if you were really aware of the health problems related to tobacco , you would require the prohibition of this drug , as you continue to maintain that of other substances, though quantitatively much less fatal .
also , the amendment 2 on the carbon monoxide is particularly important .
the history teaches us , in this regard , that it is dangerous to consider the objective to be attained - so noble and virtuous that it may be superior to the rules laid down .
mr president , i would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .
and , despite my absence , it is obvious that my vote was going in this direction .
therefore , my concern , at the present time , is not so much on the health problems , which are of course important and significant , with the limitation that would imply the acceptance of this very restrictive interpretation of the legislative power of the european parliament .
mr. president , if this proposal actually becomes a law after the conclusion of the second reading , it will result in a limitation of the freedom of enterprises on the one hand and the increased protection of public health on the other .
the results of the research in this field are so clear that we do can not , as the european legislator , do not follow these tips .
following the decision of the court of justice of the european communities , the commission adopted a new time this position-and this time with a large majority .
we would also have had to put an end to this situation .
the power of the big tobacco industries n&apos; is all too evident .
gold , and it is a shame for the european union , we ask our taxpayers to subsidize the culture of this awful substance to the tune of more than a billion euros per year .
the procedure of testing is inefficient .
this directive has been introduced to take into account the conclusions of the report valverde lopez, 1997 of the european parliament , which already mentioned many of the elements that can be found in the present text, and called for a proposal from the commission .
that is why the need to regulate - in the interests of the consumer - is clear .
in this regard , let me say that from the point of view of international rules and by the community , it is no exception to the trademarks in the measures taken for the protection of public health , and more especially here , where the effects on the behavior of smoking are so considerable .
this is related to the question of access to products , in particular when the distributors are located in places without supervision .
summer time
there are other issues that we would like to analyze , such as that of the consumption of energy , health and safety , as they report in the summer time ; but the argument, the stronger is without any doubt that we want to give the opportunity for the new member states to comply with our provisions .
ms. the president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i note once again that the advantages and disadvantages of the summer time give rise to extensive discussions .
our group believes that the proposal that has just been made is good . it supports and is of the opinion that new amendments are not necessary .
another difficulty exists in agriculture : in the autumn , during the battages , the time indicates that the moisture in the morning should be gone . gold surprise , the nature does not comply with the directive .
in regard to the amendments submitted , the commission has agreed with the amendments 3 and 4 , the purpose of which is to make the system more transparent and to insist on the precautionary principle .
according to the european parliament , the compromise on which we are set in agreement significantly improve the council&apos;s common position .
the children are given drugs that have only been tested on adults , which means that the children are treated badly .
it can help to improve the clinical research in europe, and thus the well-being of millions of people .
this compromise , that can of course still be overcome by each member state establishes a minimum threshold in order to avoid the appearance within the european union a kind of dumping ethics that would give the opportunity to a member state , but not to others , to carry out research on persons incapable of giving their consent .
finally , and in this respect, i expressed my dissatisfaction that this provision has not been adopted in the compromise proposals of the board , i think that the principal investigator responsible for the conduct of clinical trials must be a doctor . because only the doctors have the knowledge and the experience that allows them to evaluate the benefits and mitigate the adverse effects and risks in the course of these trials .
the order of the day is the report ( a5-0377 / 2000 ) mr. trakatellis , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and the consumer policy , on the proposal for a decision of the european parliament and of the council on the extension of some programs of community action in the field of public health adopted by the decisions 645 / 96 / ec , 646 / 96 / ec , 647 / 96 / ec , 102 / 97 / ec , 1400 / 97 / ec and 1296 / 1999 / ec, and amending these decisions ( com ( 2000 ) 0448 - c5-0400 / 2000 - 2000 / 0192 ( cod ) ) .
perhaps , i might add , we have inaugurated a new mode of operation of co-decision .
it is precisely a problem, about which we think that it is found to the weakness of the orientation of the european union , the council and the commission that , with the budget restrictions , for not reaching the ceiling of 1.27 % currently allowed by the standards in force , the fact that actions such as these are permitted so that the coordination between the different member states proves to be more and more important .
c&apos; is an area that can be taken into consideration in the context of the new eu public health programme to be launched in the near future .
the text that we are adopting today on the extension of six public health programs reflects the informal agreements between the institutions .
all of these factors , acting independently or jointly , and this multiplies their effects , are doing that every day , in a natural way , millions of people cross the borders of their state of residence to other states of the european union , to live , work , study or simply to travel there .
the european union cannot accept that they are given a different treatment according to the member state where they have been the victims of the offence, or according to their nationality .
we should therefore ask ourselves whether it is justified to approve this project .
in effect , we cannot speak seriously of a citizens &apos; europe without taking into account the rights of the victims .
the liberal group considers that a very good report that emerged from the discussions in the committee , and will therefore support the amendments of the committee at the time of the vote .
the compensation of the victim must have priority over the payment of fines and court costs to the state .
i welcome the proposal of portugal to improve the position of victims in the criminal proceedings , even if i fully respect the points of view of a legal nature which have been previously exposed by mr. lehne .
so, who would like to participate , in particular, by vote , at a democracy that would leave aside the problems ?
several amendments mention the official languages of the european union , providing for the right for victims to communicate in one of these languages .
as i have already said , the commission , continuing the follow-up to its communication of 14 july 1999 , is working on the adoption of concrete measures of assistance to victims , in particular through the support envisaged in the european services forum aid to the victims .
we have taken note of .
i believe that the institutions , and in this case the commission should work more seriously the proposals received by the assembly at the time and for that it is possible to appoint a rapporteur , to consider a proposal from the commission , submit amendments to the bill , debated in the committee , and , then , in the debate in plenary . we are asked to do it in a single plenary session , which is impossible .
we had not straightaway budgetary objectives to which we have submitted our policy .
the one thing that , without ceasing , we have the more tormented during the budgetary procedure , c&apos; was the funding of our external actions .
to the one who will succeed me as rapporteur-general of parliament and the presidency of the council , who will return to belgium in the second half of the next year , i would already be a lot of fun during the negotiations .
i would also like to say clearly that we have in this parliament a number of vacancies which , year by year , allows economies that run into tens of millions of euros , so we need to ask ourselves if we establish our budget in the correct way .
another reason to treat this topic to its knees is perhaps the attitude of some members of this assembly , which does not seem to want to blindly obey the instructions of the council .
the first point of agreement between the council and the parliament regarding the external actions , that is to say, the section iv of the budget , for which our institutions were sharing a common goal , that is to say, to reach a financing substantial for the balkan region in 2001 , in the light of the recent evolution of the political situation in serbia , and that without that other geographical priorities of the external action of the union have to pay the fees .
finally , an agreement was found on november 23 by an increase in payment appropriations from the budget for 2001 , which is limited to 3.5 % compared to the 2000 budget .
similarly , it is in respect of the interinstitutional agreement that the council has left substantial margins under the financial perspective ceilings established in 1999 , in particular for the items 3 - internal policies - and heading 4 - external actions .
i wish that it could react quickly .
the court of auditors has recently confirmed in a special report that it has reached this objective , the means of the cohesion fund are used correctly .
in relation to the specific cases of application that we have known for the past two years , that is to say, kosovo and serbia , the mobilization of the instrument of flexibility has helped to fund an extraordinary expenditure by an exceptional effort .
while the u.s. companies receive three times more aid and that&apos; one country , at random , such as turkey spends more than 10 % of the state budget to agriculture and horticulture , this is tantamount to saying that the eu wants to get everything at no cost .
the emphasis is on the&apos; output rather than on the input .
the fish , madam commissioner , is a fundamental component of any healthy diet , balanced and rich in protein .
we believe that it is absolutely fundamental that it considers that the report of advancement aims to restore the trust and confidence of our citizens in the functioning of institutions of the european union .
after a long period of conflict and war , during which our party has acted in a manner very solved , it is important that the inhabitants of the balkans know this : if it is to achieve the reconstruction , they can also count on us .
you sapez the interinstitutional agreement . let me tell you that in the next year , we will examine in detail whether we can still accept it .
with the continued commitment of the flexibility reserve , c&apos; is the transparency of the budget, suffering , and in the long run , this bring to a loss of credibility .
i come before you , who represent the peoples of europe , is to expose you to, first, the results of the intergovernmental conference on the reform of institutions .
the number of areas in which the vote&apos;s conduct by a qualified majority was , i know , be considered by the parliament as a priority of this negotiation .
i also notes that this igc s&apos; is translated by an extension of the powers and competences of the european parliament .
these last six months , it is also in the path of growth and employment that the&apos; europe has progressed .
two months ago , our ministers of education adopted a plan of action for the disabled - a plan of 42 measures - and we have agreed a substantial staffing of 400 million euros for the program media-most, which is so important for the cinema and the audiovisual and that - you know - the whole profession was waiting .
it is now up to the swedish presidency - i dont recall that the environment is one of the priorities - to the successful conclusion of the second package of proposals , which contains, inter alia, the creation of an agency european maritime safety .
this military arm , the&apos; union&apos; s use in full harmony with the devices of the nato and , where appropriate , with the support of these .
france has paid particular attention .
in addition , in your own speech at the start of the summit , you have said that the parliament would consider the nice success not only in terms of quantity but also in terms of quality .
to respond to this wish of the citizens , we had asked the double majority , only instrument that is objective , understandable and widely shared by the small and big the member states .
madam president , mr. president-in-office of the european council , the president of the committee , ladies and gentlemen , the summit has finally led to a result .
how the union can take decisions the constitutional spending three sleepless nights ?
madam president , mr. president-in-office of the council , the president of the commission , i will permit myself to make a small historical background , on a famous french doctor , that&apos;s called coue and invented a method , the method coue , based on the the principle of autosuggestion and the autoconviction .
for the rest , what a cruel illustration of the crisis , not simply institutional , but more deeply identity of european construction, the face of the challenges titanic which the european union is facing !
the technique is now strong proven : press still later the burden of proof , making decisions, empty of content or application distant and finally present it as a success .
she is unhappy with just about everything in the world , starting with those that the so-called the small countries .
this account taken of the interests and differences in the council would have avoided debates on the number of commissioners to which s&apos; hangs each state .
thank you , mr hager .
it is like a contradiction ...
before the vote on the amendment 22 :
thus , the use in pediatrics is sometimes of individual recipes empirical . also , it is necessary to promote with pharmaceutical companies in the development of products specifically developed for children and their diseases so that the doses and dosage forms are adapted to their organization .
in practice , the period of summer has become the normal period .
but when i went back in italy , mr deputy fatuzzo , m&apos; said the traveller, carlo fatuzzo , to have a new identity card and a new license , i had to redo the same statement to the police and the carabinieri in italy .
madam president , i support wholeheartedly the report concerning the improvement of the protection of victims of crime , which testifies once again the commitment of the eu in the fight against crime and in the protection of our citizens .
d&apos; according to my sources , it must be extradited to russia .
results désespérants to the parliament : the refusal to see broaden seriously the deliberations in the majority ; the exclusion of the parliament of the co-decision and , as i say in passing , setting shocking the composition without the parliament even consulted on this composition .
the decisions concerning the voting in the council and the seats in the parliament would have had to be taken to the casino of cannes and not to the acropolis nice , with mr. chirac in the role of dealer-in-chief .
it seems that the negotiators from sweden have had more to the heart of appeal to the large countries that have to fight to preserve their own influence .
the treaty of nice contains a number of crucial measures towards a european union elitist as well as a number of measures to remove the union of democracies and citizens .
that is why , in the future , to make progress in this continent , we must have a method by which an intergovernmental conference is based on an agreement , in which the parliamentarians , and not the foreign ministries , have the last word .
such is our commitment to you , mr president prodi , commissioner barnier .
as for the european parliament , only the commission has defended the legitimacy , for which i thank the president prodi and commissioner barnier . they were sadly only , which is felt in the final compromise .
&quot; better not agree that a bad deal, &quot; said the french presidency before the nice summit , and this morning , if i have understood correctly , we said in substance, &quot; better a bad agreement that no agreement at all.&quot;
but the historical failure of nice is that , behind the decisions , it does not receive any vision for a union that will consist of 27 states .
the claim of national governments to give a constitution for europe has definitely made shipwreck . the hope that the heads of state and government will consider the defenders of the idea of european unification has definitively failed .
the gaps old have not been addressed and others have been added .
mr president , i would like to first of all m&apos; associate , me too , to the praise that you have just done to mr brok and mr. tsatsos .
i would like to take just a few criticisms , or lessons that i&apos;ve heard , here or there .
i honestly believe that the system - have i e maintain that it is clear and readable - is a balanced system .
this is what i will remember from this debate , this presidency and also of the intergovernmental conference .
as regards the treaty of nice , there are a few things to say , because we don&apos;t have yet the conclusions of the european council and , therefore , we will not be able to add so much that we don&apos;t see .
of the rest , the treaty is a mixture of elements that are not satisfactory and positive - not satisfactory , but, however, better than the status quo , i suppose , at least in regard to the extension of qualified majority voting , the extension of the co-decision procedure of the european parliament and the provisions on enhanced cooperation .
there is the fact that the european parliament does not play any role in the framework of enhanced cooperation , while some of the leaders of national political parties - including the one in the labour party during his speech at warsaw had promised that it will not proceed to any reform of the structural funds in real terms until 2013 .
mr president , mr president of the commission , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , there are winners and losers nice , but europe is certainly not in the camp of the victors , not more than democracy and transparency .
things may not happen as well .
the outermost regions deserve better, and the parliament will continue , with the help , i am sure , mr. commissioner barnier , work d&apos; hard to give them all their rightful place within the union .
&quot; we have managed to keep things in hand &quot; or &quot; we have managed to block the european decisions &quot; , tell the story in their own countries .
it is regrettable, and the only sign of hope is that the european commission has clearly found his confidence .
the debate is closed .
mr president , i would first of all that it points out that the budget of this year is mostly due to the work of all the members of the commission , and obviously that the work of its president , mr wynn , who has wisely managed the various situations that we have experienced , including situations of tension .
the member states , at the time , were not afraid not their public opinions and enlargement to spain and portugal , s&apos; is accompanied by a strong mobilisation of resources .
the approval of a brs will therefore be indispensable , and therefore , the potential savings will be reduced again in a consistent manner , if not in its entirety .
there were no non-qualified majority in this parliament to return to article 272 .
then , when i discovered that there is no&apos; there would be no debate on the revision of article 25 of the iia , i was pretty disappointed , and the word is weak .
however , the parliament european can not continually revise downward its commitments vis-a-vis the outside .
we use 1.06 % of the gdp of member states , which gives us a higher profit margin than it has ever been , and most important, also, that this had been planned in berlin , there is a little less than two years .
in terms of policy, the environment , we cannot afford to lose in the establishment of small measures , applied to a limited number of spaces , as helpful as could be the latter , nor even in the permanent financing and is critical of institutions, including the work does not give results are particularly noteworthy , as it is the case, for example , in my opinion , the european agency for the environment in copenhagen .
first of all , about the structure of the budget 2001 : it has been said that the agricultural budget does not increase enough .
i think it is a good thing to have managed to activate even when the instrument of flexibility and provide the necessary assistance to serbia , even if i am totally in agreement with you to say that by getting to the situation of an instrument of flexibility roaming across europe , through different countries and regions , and used whenever the need&apos; s actually feel , can not become a strategy .
i&apos; m expect that a more in-depth discussion to take place next month in the framework of the discussion of current events, and i propose n&apos; give that a site limited to this debate in the resolutions .
several areas can be identified in which the points of convergence can be found , as for example in the balkans , in the caucasus region and central asia .
this resource travels often for places in the throes of major conflicts .
this underlines the importance of the strategy with russia and also the importance of your report , mr oostlander .
energy policy , which is linked to the policy of the great powers , is an important area of cooperation . one can cite as an example the problem of the route taken for the transportation of oil and gas is in the west .
a member of my party , a militant radical , a journalist , was murdered a few weeks ago in tbilisi , the city clearly under the mandate of the russian forces .
it offers , for the northern dimension , a budget heading to share and defends an overall increase in the aid to russia .
from this interest , the eu has developed fields of concrete action in many areas , as well in its common strategy for russia than in the other documents .
in the statement of grounds , we read , to the point dd : &quot; whereas , the russian federation constituent with belarus, a political union , it is important for the democratic legitimacy of russia , as president putin and the russian government out clearly and strongly the necessity of reforms and democratic progress in belarus , having regard in particular to the report delivered to minsk, 16 october 2000 by the parliamentary troika of the european union , the council of europe and the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) .
the important northern dimension gets in this proposal a credit own budget , which is a point really essential . as for myself , i propose that energy issues are becoming the locomotive of this important project .
other areas where we are trying to support the efforts of cooperation of the eu with regard to russia are the rule of law and the consolidation of democracy , civil society , twinning , regional cooperation and cross-border and , especially , the nida initiative , that several members have mentioned .
a little word about kaliningrad . the agreement of partnership and cooperation already gives institutional framework of our dialogue with russia in the field of trade , visas and border problems .
in applying the requirements are more favourable in terms of visas for the residents of the secessionist regions, or by exempting completely , it would support the legitimacy of their regime .
the question was the following : there have been cases where this directive has not been followed, and where gmos have been widespread in the nature .
i am afraid that we were going there in a substantive debate that we don&apos;t have the time to deal with it here .
the council remains deeply concerned by the situation in chechnya : the violence continues , the humanitarian situation remains very worrying at the entrance of the winter .
the french presidency could we relay and contact mr nielson for the invite with some emphasis to travel very quickly in chechnya ?
that one is not , because you see that the chamber is far from being full .
mr president , i believe that the question was fairly accurate .
you&apos;re right , the fight against fraud is never sufficiently developed .
nevertheless , i believe that the proposal presented by the french presidency is totally unacceptable , and that it has in fact only one purpose : to maintain the persons seeking asylum outside of the eu , which , in practice , could result in the increase of the illegal immigration .
last month , when i asked an additional question during the time of the questions , the chairman-in-office had simply ignored saying to me : &quot; i can only repeat my previous response &quot; and then he re-read his answer .
i can assure to all parliamentarians m&apos; have asked that the council will take into account their comments .
the council , by the totality of these decisions , intends to restore the confidence of consumers of the european union .
you know , we act at every moment in the present state of our knowledge and so i can&apos;t quite make it mine this analysis .
these are the initiatives that the council has taken or intends to take in the direction of the algerian authorities .
for your second question , the commission fully shares the point of view of the secretary-general of the united nations aimed at the involvement in this exercise , the all the institutions concerned, as well as experts , research organizations, or academic institutions that carry an interest in the issue of children .
the presidency is very satisfied with this result, which marks an important step in the implementation of the strategy of pre-accession turkish set last year in helsinki .
the securities to which the author of this question refers in particular relating to the right of the accused to defend himself or to have the assistance of counsel of his choice and , although it has not the means to pay for legal , be able to be assisted free of charge by a lawyer of office , when the interests of justice&apos; require ; to have the free assistance of an interpreter if he cannot understand or speak the language used at the hearing ; to be tried within a reasonable time , or released during the procedure .
thus , as the court has affirmed the council in its previous reply , the programme of mutual recognition can only bring about improvements in the field of fundamental rights .
the decision to launch an operation would take, in principle, in the form of a joint action .
the question of the honourable member for the opinions expressed unofficial title by the president of the commission .
mr president , it is with great satisfaction that i present today at the plenary of the european parliament the report on the agreement of stabilization and association of croatia with the european union .
the european union has, moreover, reminded at the zagreb summit of 24 november .
i don&apos;t see a contraindication to the developing individual relationships between the european union , croatia and the western balkan countries and to develop at the same time regional cooperation , on the other hand .
this question should be made subject to other conditions , namely , that the access to the asylum in croatia must meet international standards and to be held in humane conditions .
regrettably, there has been serious flooding during the reconquest .
we hope to move forward strides in the framework of these negotiations and to be able to quickly conclude .
i know that the croatian government is keen to ensure that the countries participating in the process of stabilisation and association may be judged on the basis of individual , based on their respective merits .
certainly , in many respects , the more hard still to do , but i do not doubt for one moment the capacity of the people of this country to meet the challenge , to browse the difficult path of reforms , the path that&apos;s offered to them, and which led to the europe .
the problem facing the government is facing becomes very evident in the regions , which, under the suharto regime , were used , as a land of migration to deal with the problem of overcrowding and operated as if it were conquered territories .
the eu should to do the same .
our&apos;re very concerned and are awaiting a response from the european commission to these developments .
but the level of this co-operation must take into consideration the actual progress registered by the country in the settlement of the regional problems and the methods used , the respect of human rights and also the cooperation that the country attaches to a positive development of the process of independence of timor lorosae , in particular for the settlement of the problems faced by the refugees from west timor , judging and condemning the members of the militia who are guilty of criminal acts and who have murdered recently three officials of the united nations .
the revolution in the country and the manner in which it is held remain the foundation of a cautious optimism .
certainly , the military have less influence , but they always have a lot too .
ms. maij-weggen has produced an excellent report , and i will conclude, therefore, in saying that europe must do everything in its power to support the country on the way of democracy , but it is the indonesians themselves that it returns to get rid of the aftermath of the regime of suharto .
she says, in effect, namely , in no uncertain terms , the forces opposed to the essential and demanding process of reform .
any external intervention, other than a support to democratisation and the rule of law cannot be regarded as counter-productive and incendiary for all parties .
it goes without saying that , since then , the pendulums are not adopted in indonesia .
there are only two years , indonesia was still ruled by an authoritarian ruler supported by the army .
the debate is closed .
it is from, in part, outdated, and the nice summit did not change the situation .
nevertheless , opinions differ on the way in which this protection can be provided .
mr president , i can be brief because this is not the first discussion that we have on this theme .
we do not believe that an increase of solutions at the community level to improve the fight against crime, to the extent that our efforts will be marked all of indifference , of letting go and suppression that the general administration of the eu .
according to me , the european public prosecutor is merely a first step on the path which leads to the corpus juris , a body of customary law for the whole of the continent .
we lose significant amounts of money simply because they are not perceived by the member states .
you know , the commission would have preferred that the olaf is created as authoritative, totally independent .
we must not forget that it is the reluctance of the parliament to give its green light to the manner in which the taxpayers &apos; money had been spent in 1996, which was precipitated the fall of the commission in 1999 .
we depend on the court of auditors, which provides us with the weapons with which to shoot the areas of shade .
we strive to properly monitor the commission and the member states , and this report is an effort in this direction .
mr president , i should like to begin by welcoming the opportunity of this initiative and the diligence with which our rapporteur, mrs eluned morgan has completed .
we need to be able to judge if the situation improved, or worse .
in effect , the commission still retains information and did not respond to certain questions , in particular as regards the case fléchard .
i am sure that the assembly wishes him all &apos; s success in this business , even if i am a little concerned that &quot; discharge &quot; and &quot; procedure &quot; are among the first words that will deliver the baby .
i will answer also to ms. stauner , which just raised some specific questions that this agreement provides that applications for confidential information must be posted or transmitted to the commission by the chairman of the parliamentary commission .
once again , my congratulations for your report !
to enroll in a directive that shareholders should receive a fair price has about as much effect as saying that an apple , when it is ripe , it falls down from the tree .
so i can only invite this assembly to approve the compromise amendments tabled by the committee on legal affairs and the internal market .
to be effective , useful and in the public interest , such directive must : first , to avoid the direct involvement of the courts in preferring a regulator with extensive discretionary powers under the authority of the law ; second , dispose of the rules of court and to clarify them , so as to be able to use them ; and, thirdly , to clarify what he meant by fair price and to set appropriate thresholds ; fourth , to ensure that the management may not be able to prevent harm to the shareholders to make decisions which they consider to have to take on the future of the company in which they hold a participation .
it is true that the regulation of the european parliament does not offer this possibility , transforming these debates in a simple and pure dialogue of the deaf .
and thirdly , the clarity : the absence of clarity is particularly evident in the debate on the jurisdiction , a field in which i have little experience .
the european institutions have cure deletions of jobs and closures of undertakings caused by the quasi-totality of the takeovers or mergers of undertakings .
in addition , if we open the door to defensive measures , we will make may be more difficult for the restructuring of the european markets , and in particular the protection of small shareholders .
or under community law or national law of several states currently have legislation binding on the acquisition of companies .
mr president , i would like to thank the european parliament for the attention it devotes to this proposal as well as the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , especially the rapporteur - mr. lehne , for the work that they have carried out .
the first concerns only the holders of the securities, and the second relates only to the supervisory authority .
the third part is not acceptable for the same reasons as those valid for all the amendments so-called &quot; social &quot; .
this is an unacceptable situation on the european market since it is incompatible with the requirements of the internal market .
there is a misunderstanding at the base because they think that the companies resort to collective management will be mandatory , as is currently the case in austria .
the socialist group was therefore pleased that the parliament does not déconsidère accepting the proposals that ridicule the votes that took place in the first reading .
the opinion on the law on do not trace borders at the level of the political groups, but at the level of member states .
it is the artist&apos;s against the law suite .
what it is , the name of which principle should we impose a tax on the resale of a table and not to do the same , for the benefit of the manufacturer or the tailor , for a car or a suit sold in second-hand ?
for these same reasons , the amendment 4 and part of the amendment 7 related to this issue must also be rejected .
discuss an important topic so that we do not yet in our own native language of the amendments tabled at the last minute and amendments examined by the commission seems to me to be quite impossible .
it must therefore be an exception if we have a discussion without the necessary amendments .
we have made an agreement within the commission to maintain the issue of special services such as endorsed by the directive 67 / 1997 .
madam president , i could still add a lot of things , but i shall limit myself to say that there has rarely been such a political consensus between the different committees of the parliament called upon to pronounce on a problem .
this is our responsibility .
however , my group defends the idea that we must ensure that we naturally at the same time , as a community, and in so far as member states , to define a framework for a universal service .
and yet , we are supposed to adhere to the proposals of the commission without even having been able to consult these studies .
we pride ourselves on here often to represent the citizens of europe .
we are following close behind to postal monopolies .
to go further , reference is made to the directive of 1997 .
i&apos;ll be very clear on a particular point .
while electronic communication , such as e-mail , takes its rise , the former state monopolies remain mainly oriented towards the inside .
there is a link between all of these findings .
i support the fixed limit of 150 grams for reasons of prudence .
i&apos;m not an opponent has a-priori or market liberalisation , but the request that has been made , namely, to conduct an analysis to be in good and due form , qualified , not hurried, and in consideration of all the consequences to be expected , has not been satisfied , and that is why the compromise now presented to me, is acceptable .
we fortunately a directive, which requires transparency on the part of public companies and i can assure you that the subsidies gross will be scrutinized .
&apos; i have the impression that you have understood nothing , and it does not seem that you have listened to the arguments that have been presented .
the users will be the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and the growth in the european this item will fall .
the liberalisation proposed n&apos; &apos;t go without causing a significant impact on the services provided in the countryside , on the workers of the sector and on the daily users of the post .
it is regrettable that the commission has preferred rushing headlong , taking it to a proposal ideological which does not take account of the opinions of the population .
this sector is suffering from the fierce competition from these new technologies .
invoke the realism as the fact the plural left to attempt to obtain a compromise solution with one part of the right-hand side is a way to disguise his own capitulation to the interests of the private sector .
this figure is largely sufficient to support the tasks of the public service , such as the provision of universal service and adequate uniformity of rates .
i&apos;ve nothing to learn from the labour party about in rural areas .
mr. president , allow me to congratulate the rapporteur , m. ferber , which has not had an easy job , it is the least that one can say .
c&apos; is a decision that you will regret .
mr. president , taking account of the discussions that preceded it , the commission is aware of the importance of this subject in the eyes of the parliament ; j&apos; ai&apos; s also discussed with great attention the many amendments to the draft directive .
in short , this may prove to be insufficient and arrive too late , and to curb the dynamics of change, if necessary , a fact seriously detrimental to the adjustments in the course and dangerous for the long-term employment .
first of all , the head of the british post office , mr. john roberts , who pointed out that the competition resulted in improvements in the quality and the efficiency as well as lower prices .
the monopoly of the postal services risk of hindrance and cause losses of volume, which , in turn , will lead to loss of jobs .
we must feed the dynamics of change in course , to launch a concrete first step of the process and set a timetable of reforms to come .
i note that the postal services we help to warm up the atmosphere of the chamber, and i am thrilled .
the report proposed , in particular , the refusal of the automatic switching to the tariff only , a preferential tariff for the acp of 300 euros a minimum , an evaluation and a possible revision of the domestic component of the cmo .
for the rest , our position remains the same : the period of application of the system for at least ten years in order to guarantee the legal security of producers and operators , review after these ten years , no automatic switch to the tariff only , preferably tariff of eur 300 for the acp . we asked for guarantees , in the case where the system of management of tariff quotas &quot; first-come - first-served &quot; would be put in place by the commission , since it will have a serious impact on the acp producers , unable today to take their place in the boat race, which will soon open .
mr. schwaiger you said , in the course of the previous discussion , you need to gather information supplementing more different points of view on the problem .
the implementation of the compromise taken , which falls within the standards of the wto , must be analyzed by the european commission in a report that the parliament will have to study in a reasonable period of time ; according to the findings of this report and of its analysis , it will be necessary to propose the necessary measures , as pointed out by the rapporteur in his work .
mr president , for observers puzzled as me , one passes from the bizarre to the surrealism in this case .
powerful forces&apos; s are opposed to it .
but i think that we can predict negative effects on small business operators and producers in the acp countries .
mr president , i want to stress in the first place the effort of the european parliament , which tries to achieve a balanced solution in the complex skein of interests that surround the cmo for bananas .
the conflict with the wto has led to reprisals in the form of trade sanctions and it is not easy to explain this to the exporters in the member states affected in a totally arbitrary manner in areas that have nothing to do .
the important thing is to save time in the last straight line, and i propose to vote in favour of the report of mr dary .
mr. president , once again , our assembly will decide on the issue of bananas and i congratulate michel dary for the outstanding work that he has provided .
we want to strengthen our cooperation with the republic of korea and today we need an excellent opportunity to discuss recent developments in the korean peninsula .
( the parliament approves the proposal of the commission )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to confirm the position of the commission in regard to the amendments adopted yesterday night by our colleague bolkestein .
( the president declares approved the common position as amended )
it then becomes the &quot; homes of croatian citizens of serb origin &quot; .
( the parliament accepts the oral amendment )
i would like to support the important decision of the parliament to vote for the introduction of picture warnings on cigarette packages . it is an advanced gigantic for the public health, as we will now have labels and pictures on cigarette packages that reflect what it actually costs of smoking .
the court of justice of the european communities&apos; m has given reason .
this measure n&apos; will not smoke cigarettes are less harmful but is reduced to export jobs .
they are deceiving the people for far too long .
it s&apos; acts of important programs that seek the improvement of public health , the fight against cancer , aids prevention , the fight against drug abuse , the sanitary control and pollution-related diseases .
i don&apos;t see why we can&apos;t also given to the public in the management of their own social security .
so , i believe that we must be concerned too - soon , hopefully - of the retirement of artists .
i think so that this directive will have to move the international market of the art outside the borders of europe .
. beyond the effects of the announcement of the good intentions on the stability , the rule of law , the fight against corruption , the report oostlander n&apos; is the fact that a vote of confidence in mr putin .
report maij-weggen ( a5-0323 / 2000 )
and , if it adds to the corruption of officials of the european bribery of officials of public bodies national , fraud on the increase . &quot;
the institution of this new authority, must not lead to a leak of sovereignty in the main domain .
i would like to present my apologies to the parliament .
i have received many letters which bear witness that it is a question that ignites minds .
the whole must be in balance .
but the commission can certainly provide annually the information to the parliament on the basis of the information available to it .
in regard to the amendments 19 and 32 , focusing on organic bananas , i would once again like to point out that there is already horizontal measures ensuring the equivalence of organic bananas from third countries and of those who are produced in the community .
the better the relations will be good , the more secure will be the world, and our people .
there are differences in our approaches to these questions , but i hope that this summit will send a positive message concerning the need to continue our efforts together , especially in s&apos; attacker to sensitive files such as that of the access to affordable medicines with a tiered prices .
from kosovo to belfast , millions of european citizens have something to be thankful for and i know that this parliament will join me to make him tribute today .
i think you have mentioned an important point .
the lesotho s&apos; is asked : &quot; what has brought in lesotho liberalization undertaken by the wto ?
i believe that the dialogue that exists between the european union and the united states should be taken advantage of to finally achieve this goal .
i&apos;ve been interested in that,&apos; said mrs lucas about global trade and the importance of trying to ensure that a trade is increasingly free to serve both the interests of the poor than rich people .
the subject is closed .
i insist on this point , because some of the amendments want to establish a vat zero for services which , according to me , have no essential character, or social .
this solution addresses , according to me , the problem of discrimination and responds to the objective of simplification .
mr. chairman , commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , the commission and the parliament have made efforts in recent years in order to harmonize the collection of vat within the european union .
the commission of the industry has adopted a number of proposals for the thirty-nine votes to three .
there are underlying assumptions in this proposal on the place of taxation which could pose problems in the future in a context international .
all good reasons observed carefully if the air transport supports its external costs and is not an unfair competition for both buses and trains .
when that happens between the member states of the european union , so vat is to be levied .
it is very unfortunate that it still exists to this day no framework directive on the taxation of the production of energy .
liberals therefore share the ambitions of the commission , but we have a lot of trouble to understand the concrete proposals that it presents to us .
i believe that it is important to have criteria in case !
mr president , dear colleagues , the proposal of the european commission, which aims to impose the vat for the purchase of digital products downloaded directly from the network by the resident consumers in the union undertakings in third countries , is a serious blow to the development of e-commerce .
therefore , with regard to the proposal from the commission, extend the timeframe of the reform , i can&apos;t express my neutrality .
i am opposed to the wish of harmonization of the vat ms. torres marques , but what i would like to mainly talk about the report of mr. garcia-margallo on e-commerce .
all states redistribute at least 30 , often 40 and sometimes more than 50 % of their national wealth created in the year .
it is necessary to minimum rates , possibly a maximum rates , but it is necessary to leave to states a margin enabling policies, micro-economic own .
personally , i have proposed an amendment on the harmonisation of vat rates designed to correct the effects of unfair competition because , in the field of vat rates , the operators of third countries have , at the time of making to register , a very large choice of the place of registration , given the large differences - between 15 and 25 per cent , while the community operators do not have that choice .
if, in addition, we taxa unilaterally the fuel of aviation in europe , the european companies would have really a lot of trouble to stay competitive in the face to companies outside europe .
this is not like this that we need to organize society , and that is why i think that it&apos; s a proposal excellent .
not only the air tariffs would increase dramatically - without a doubt 80 pounds per ticket , thus threatening the very existence of the smaller carriers - but these damages have been reported to occur in most industries of the aerospace , tourism , trade , and, of course , cargo carriers - they carry today one-third of global goods by air .
i think , as mr. skinner , that the proposals of the rapporteur , mr garcia-margallo y marfil , relating to the vat applied to e-commerce , are good .
i would like to m&apos; express only on the taxation of fuel aviation .
impose a vat to the supplier of the country third , mainly from the united states , is not only impractical but , in the case of newspapers and books , creates inconsistencies between a product sold online, and the same product sold in the store .
third point : the eu should not establish a right too hasty and should do everything in his power to strengthen european electronic commerce, and not the insécuriser .
the results of this consultation were discussed at the ecofin council at the end of the month of november .
a whole series of details must still be resolved .
c&apos; is in this context that this proposal attempts to maintain the harmonization existing in the field of vat rates in confirming the minimum level of 15 % for the normal rate .
i would, however, be recalled that the tax legislation existing community does not do taxing flights domestic and intra-community .
a year after the sinking of the erika , we must all ask ourselves if we have been able , or not , to meet the expectations of citizens .
in the case where the omi n&apos; would adopt the necessary measures , the commission would present to parliament and to the council a proposal on a diet community of liability and compensation in cases of oil pollution .
the parliament has made its decision on 30 november ; they had a good model , and we quickly decided .
as regards the question of the responsibility , i will just say that the current fund is not enough to compensate all damage caused by the oil spill in the loss of the erika .
mr ortuondo , in regard to your comments about article 6 , on the responsibility in case of minor pollution , i will first of all see what it says in the council , but the parliament has already position on the subject .
the overall objective of this legislation was to eliminate distortions of competition through the establishment of a fair mechanism which leads to the costs of the infrastructure on the road carriers and to harmonize the systems of collection in the internal market of the eu .
i thought the two would be addressed at the same time , but this is apparently not the proceedings of this assembly .
the policy to be adopted vis-a-vis imports from third countries will be decided in the light of this evaluation .
the role of the european union does not finance the encouragement of hatred and war .
i&apos;ve asked about the participation of the commission to educational programs , and you m&apos; have responded to the side , commissioner .
will there be opportunities to expand this segment of the community budget ?
let me say about texaco as the center for social and economic rights is holding it responsible for a high number of abortions and the cancer rate is abnormally high in ecuador .
how will it , from january 2001 , to ensure the survival of the remainder of this the sector in the face of unfair competition from korea , again demonstrated in this last report ?
mr. commissioner , i feel , first of all , relieved , in a certain way , to see that the commission is concerned and , maybe even , occupied the problem .
we believe that this could not be the case in extending aid to the operation, all-round . instead , the commission should be ready to bring forward a specific instrument, targeted in the case where the actions undertaken on its behalf by the commissioner lamy would not provide results for the relevant sector of the european union .
the increase in price that would result from the anti-dumping measures should allow for a recovery in profitability of the coke industry .
this proposal , which is a result of the multiple commitments made by the community in favour of ldcs , aims to promote the inclusion of these in the global economy .
i am sure that all my colleagues are grateful .
this makes the link with the question of mrs kinnock .
for this purpose , you may wish to start by reassure me, saying to me when the study of impact will be available for us can the quote in order to blow up some of the allegations doom and gloom that has surrounded your proposal and , then , give us some more details concerning the safeguard clause that i think that you are planning to introduce into this measure, as well as the period of transition which will precede his final entry into force .
these various instruments are also at the disposal of organizations such as the ecpat and partners with whom they cooperate in the countries concerned .
we have had a particular project for this .
reason for which the european patent office is installed in this city .
it is a point of view quite understandable , and that i share .
the commission will therefore take all the measures which it deems necessary .
the commission shall communicate to the honourable member that a complaint is pending for the metro project of thessaloniki .
in this regard , i would like to also point out that from the moment the agreement on the concession will be known in greece , the complainant will have eight months to make his / her own opinion and file a complaint with the commission .
the legal definition of a strike is a competence of the member state .
i would like to thank commissioner who has tried to provide an answer , but i would like to point out that , for the moment , in greece , the students are facing the state of confusion is as follows : &apos; the one hand , the centres for independent studies argue that , on the basis of the directive 89 / 48 / eec , they are empowered to issue diplomas of studies as may be recognised , provided that such studies are completed in great britain , and the another , the greek authorities and the competent bodies refuse to recognize these degrees awarded to the completion of the studies in great britain .
proclaim the island of raippaluoto off vaasa independent kingdom , which would allow shipowners in question to continue to make sales excluding taxes .
i am, however, sure of being able to say , on behalf of my colleague michel barnier , that the facts referred to by the honourable member will be duly taken into consideration in the analysis of this proposal .
let me say briefly what is the important part of my report, and the point which i think that it is a key priority for the parliament , namely the question linguistic diversity .
it is essential that we convainquions commercial suppliers of earnings and potential opportunities of investment in companies that take into account the linguistic diversity and the exploitation of public sector information .
this means that the digital content is a chance for all those who have not had access to the school , either throughout their lives , either because they are disabled , and i hope that this digital content, making for a better approach .
it is necessary also to localize the production of the content , which involves the adaptation of products according to the needs of linguistic and cultural rights and preferences of consumers .
mr president , i would like to congratulate ms. gill for his report .
the content providers , the creative sector , the people who are ultimately responsible for the production of these materials and that&apos; s address also the e-content programme , should therefore be involved in this consultation .
before closing , mr. chairman , let me make one last important point , one last question addressed to the commission .
i would like to thank the european parliament for its strong support in favour of the budget of this program .
the debate is closed .
the word is the rapporteur , mr de roo .
an excess structural noise is harmful to the health of the people and lowers their quality of life .
the committee on the environment, proposes here concrete norms for the years 2006 , 2012 and 2020 .
all the more reason for a people&apos;s party such as ours , the epp , not to let the air traffic escape to the european regulations and also do not want to distinguish between the air traffic military and civilian .
my the group does not support, however the point of view of the rapporteur consisting of wanting to fix it as soon now in the middle of this directive, the maximum permitted levels of ambient noise to the airports .
i am so in agreement with the rapporteur of roo when it proposes not to waste any more time and transform this directive on the assessment and management of noise in a directive-binding framework .
according to another group , there would be technical problems .
it is the member states which , according to their custom , set the duration of this period in the range given .
i am very surprised to hear one or the other to say that we need guidelines-girls .
we therefore need of the framework directive and in a combined approach . that is why i consider that a lot of the decisions of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy are fair and correct .
this is not what we want .
we will make a big step forward when we will obtain comparable information on the noise around airports .
the debate is closed .
this study has never been made .
mr. the president , in this late hour and with a piece of carrot in the deep , i think not having much to say to my colleagues .
these people have knowledge , for many years , the way in which the cellulose is used as a binder , mainly in the bread .
as i have already explained in the second reading , a crisis is located at the base of this amendment of the directive .
i believe that our parliament significantly improves the common position of the council, and i recommend the approval of the text of the joint project .
. () i would like to thank the parliament european for having supported the position of the european commission and to the remarkable efforts made to meet the concerns of the council .
we know that the commission is preparing to present a programme of sustainable development for the whole of the european union which should be ready in six months .
as a legislative body , we should never seek to exacerbate the opposition between town and country .
the credits will be mainly aimed at networks of cities organised at a european level for their activities in the field of development and of the dissemination of good practices in sustainable urban development .
in addition , in practice , it is at local level that the decisions that we take in this parliament must be implemented .
i believe that this innovative approach can be an example to be followed by others .
the commission cannot accept the amendments 1 , 3 , 4 , 9 , 14 , 17 , 21 , 26 , 31 , 38 and 39 .
indeed , even if the media does not s&apos; in the&apos; echo that for a short time , the precautionary principle does not make its appearance on the scene of international law .
mr. president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the committee on legal affairs and the internal market has pointed out a couple of points on the precautionary principle , the points that are found also in the excellent report by our colleague , ms. homeland .
the public does not want to go to the expense of technological innovations dangerous it turns out , a few or many years later , that they contain unnecessary risk to public health or the environment .
i am an advocate of the principle of precaution . but i wish to raise a single point of concern .
it should be borne some of the themes in mind, in order to guarantee the proper operation .
first , there are no minimum threshold below which the precautionary principle could not be accepted ; therefore , even in case of low level of risk , it may be recourse to the precautionary principle .
in the amendments that i have submitted , i will attempt to clarify these points and to remove some unnecessary passes .
it is incomprehensible that the european union remains insensitive to the dozens of independent scientific studies , which indicate a potential risk phones mobile to human health .
producers and manufacturers must be able to present evidence of the safety of their products .
mr president , accommodated to all the sauces , at the discretion of the circumstances and interests of the moment , the precautionary principle can be the best and the worst of things .
we consider that it constitutes a general principle which should be taken into consideration in the areas of the protection of the environment , as well as human health , animal and plant .
thank you very much , commissioner liikanen .
our community the eu is above all a community of values based on respect for the rule of law .
we know that , personally , we are not important , but we think that what unites us, and we are doing is of importance , namely the rejection of terrorism as criminal the eta and our explicit support to the rule of law, spanish , today threatened by a totalitarian project of secession violent .
ladies and gentlemen , as democrats , we are , obviously , supporters of the dialogue between the various democratic parties , because the democracy itself is in a permanent dialogue .
we just proceed to the signing of the 2001 budget .
( by successive votes , the parliament adopted two legislative resolutions )
( the assembly agrees to the filing of the oral amendment ) ( the parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
before moving on to the explanations of vote , to all those people and all those that i do not see him again , i wish a very merry christmas .
since its creation , the cohesion fund has had a significant impact in two areas of great interest to the community, the environment and the trans-european transport networks - and constituted a good example of the effective application of the community budget and the rate of execution of the highest of all the community budget .
we ask that , as of january , a brs d &apos; importance illustrates the interest that this assembly intends to this folder .
the luxembourg government is naturally invited to be vigilant , but also to ensure the observance of the treaties .
it must undergo a more far-reaching change in the future , in particular, to make way for the enlargement of the eu .
mr president , i voted for this report on food additives , and in particular in favour of the prohibition of the use of the sodium alginate to keep the carrots .
i suggest that it sends also a copy in malta , since the only explanation of vote that he has not done is , i believe , when we had talked about malta .
if , today , i have voted in the ferber report on the &quot; european postal services &apos; c &apos; is because i think that in the current state of the balance of power in europe and in the european parliament , we have achieved the maximum of what we could get to avoid the disappearance of the public postal service in europe !
i really regret that the parliament has finished , when voting , by supporting a position to be very damaging for the the consumers .
i strongly refutes this allegation is false .
it is not enough to advocate liberalization, if we do not understand the effects of our decisions .
in sweden , this proposal has already been partially applied, and we can now see that this has given rise to a situation worse that before .
we hope that the negotiations&apos; s open quickly and that they will lead to an agreement compatible with the commitments that we have made in the framework of the wto and with the interests of our traditional suppliers .
that things are clear : i do not underestimate the interest of this body . what i refuse with others , this is not the globalization !
in the second place , the report deals too negatively, cultural and linguistic diversity .
it is quite obvious that europe is able to meet the challenge of the market , thanks to the advantages that it has on the economic and employment and , of course , thanks to its rich cultural life and its linguistic diversity - which are explicitly spelled out in the concept of linguistic minorities and regional languages - in the face of monolingualism, which features a big part of the &quot; network &quot; .
mr president , i asked my daughter elisabetta - which , as you know , is a regional deputy from the party of pensioners in lombardy - to give me an opinion on the council of nice, this is what she thought , if she considered that i had to vote for .
this last one is now ready for the accession of the candidate countries .
they may have succeeded , at least momentarily , but at the price of serious disadvantages : more supranational , less democracy , increase of the germany in the decision-making process .
this evolution may appear legitimate in the eyes of some , since it tends to translate into the institutions of the respective weights of the country in terms of population .
therefore, it may result in difficulties in the implementation of the laws which are binding in the areas of the environment , consumer protection and the working environment , and we urge the different countries to show a sense of responsibility and to improve the efficiency of decision-making procedures within the council .
the negotiations have been difficult , but the power of the union transparaissait in its determination to find solutions acceptable to all .
this situation is aggravated by the enlargement of the decisions by qualified majority , 14 countries that can , under certain conditions , to take decisions on behalf of the 27 or 28 , since it eliminates in practice the right of veto on the policies very important for portugal , such as those of the structural funds or agreements in the field of trade policy .
we retain the unanimity in the council and therefore an inability latent to act .
for our part , as long as l&apos; europe is that it is , the questions of scope constitution or of fundamental interest to the states , such as those that have been discussed in nice , can only be resolved in some other way . they must be at the unanimity .
this has the effect of increasing the power of big countries at the expense of smaller ones .
these low prices are not only the result of decreases in personnel and other savings but also of the public policy .
&quot; &quot; then go to bed , and we&apos;ll make love&apos;.
while the structures of realization are placed in a project-based approach to a approach by the program in the framework of this program - what you can already a challenge , because only a part of the proximity of the citizens , of the value and visibility of european is already lost , in my opinion , and also because the member states are not all created regional authorities , the innovative actions in the framework of the esf maintain a project-based approach .
the whole point is to determine why , but we must also have the strength to accept that in case of failure , we should not bail them out at the expense of the state and adopt a strategy which takes into account of this aspect .
tourism is an important economic activity , even in some of the peripheral regions .
c &apos; is a good report and it is based on a good document of the commission .
i am in agreement namely that the instruments of territorial policy should be oriented towards sustainability , the strengthening of the economic and social cohesion , and , above all , the creation of jobs for skilled , economically viable and sustainable .
first point : we , and the people on the spot , consider that the innovative measures have been a footstool very useful for the authorities and the local communities that are not actually part of the structural funds , but that should be a part of it , in order to learn how to manage small-scale projects to be able to play a more effective role in the programs dominant in the years to come .
they bar the road and we lose this value-added of the direct relationship between the dome and the european public institutions closer to the citizens &apos; problems .
that is why we have chosen as the strategic priorities of these three priorities : technological innovation , company of the information , but also regional identity and sustainable development .
i understand your desire to maintain direct links between the european union and the regional and local actors .
thank you , commissioner .
the decision of the council and the commission to negotiate for four months , with no further grants , and then decide from 1 may 2001 , on the basis of the results obtained , if the subsidies may still be extended , will lead to the fact that the european shipbuilding industry will become almost no contract in the first four months of 2001 , in any case not in sectors which are highly disputed .
other countries , such as japan , also suffer .
another concern regarding the 6th framework programme for research and development : in its project , the line &quot; marine technology &quot; , which existed in the fifth , it seems , today , have disappeared .
mr president , at the approach of the end of the year , hold a debate on the situation in the shipbuilding sector seems to have become a tradition .
in recent weeks , the commission told us that the plan of subsidies , thanks to which our industry survives , had to be removed as early as january in the name of so-called improvement of its competitiveness .
thus , it is the state that pays a good part , if not the whole , of the profits of this company .
and this , because we are unable to terminate a situation of unfair competition .
the debates within the oecd have made little progress , very little progress , and the possibility of entering into a binding agreement at the international level in the field of the shipbuilding industry seems distant .
he invited the commission to continue the monitoring of the situation of the market , to follow very closely the tbr procedure in order to take , where appropriate , the case with the wto , and to raise the issue of the shipyards in all international forums relevant .
british submarine to gibraltar
there , demonstrating an absolute command on site , they stationnèrent .
mr president , in regard to the repair of the british submarine tireless in gibraltar , it must be remembered that it expects the commission .
i would like to humbly suggest that they support our proposal for a resolution .
then , it must require that you to furnish to the population all the necessary information , as is indicated by the euratom treaty .
honourable members have posed a number of questions about the presence of the nuclear submarine hms tireless in gibraltar , which it was necessary to repair the nuclear reactor .
the uk authorities report that there is no&apos; there will be no transportation of radioactive waste through the member states and that they maintain regular contact with the spanish authorities .
it is a technical problem that requires a technical answer . the faster the repair will be over , the better it will be for the whole world .
we all support the right to self-determination .
it is especially significant , and it is on this point that i would like to insist , in that it shows in what state is the europe&apos;s so-called united, and in this regard , it is almost the same fun for souverainistes .
it is outrageous to see that in this moment 11 nuclear submarines attack on the 12 in service in the royal navy, are capitalized . four are in repair and seven show signs of fatigue, such as those that immobilize the hms tireless .
the specific case is more serious than all this, since it concerns , on the territory of the community , hundreds of thousands of human beings , not only spanish , of course , but also all the nationalities , in particular the british .
i would observe , to return to the content of the proposals for a resolution on the role of the commission , that the british government does not consider that the euratom treaty to be applicable in situations of military men of this type .
these feelings have animated the debate , it is understandable that , but the honourable members of parliament know that in responding on behalf of my colleague wallström , i must be content to determine as clearly as possible what is and what is not within the competence of the community .
b5-0928 / 2000 mr. watson , in the name of the eldr group ,
the suicide mainly among the young people could not to support their desperate situation .
he has participated in specific operations when the secretary-general or other authority of the united nations asked for and in agreement with the countries concerned .
we will continue to work in this spirit to develop the proposals for the instrument which will be the successor to the dublin convention , the conditions for qualifying for refugee status on the basis of the geneva convention and the subsidiary forms of protection .
the commission is also working closely with the unhcr in order to ensure a transition smoothly between the humanitarian and development .
b5-0929 / 2000 members haarder and malmstrom , in the name of the eldr group ,
solana , we a-t-on dit , included these requirements , but the us has also said , and i quote , that it was difficult to deal with a scheme such as that of milosovic .
we can start by it or the combine an amnesty .
the request made to the president kostunica to release all the political prisoners of the period milosovic also requires continuing diplomatic efforts of the european council and the european commission in belgrade , all the more so that the most of the political prisoners serbs have , to my knowledge , been released in the meantime , if this is not those of albanian origin of kosovo .
i can assure you , ladies and gentlemen , it is a question which i m&apos; care - not only as a result of this debate - during my next visit to belgrade after the elections of 23 december .
mozambique - b5-0907 / 2000 mr. queiró , on behalf of the uen group ;
on tunisia .
i recall that , during a mission of the european parliament in argentina , the former president alfonsín told us that democracies do are sometimes reminiscent of other democracies and post-mortem inspection , that is to say , when there is no more democracy .
mr president , the european parliament awards the southern africa to the order of the day , in particular, mozambique , one of the poorest countries in the world which , you will remember , was destroyed last year by a natural disaster immeasurable .
we regret that the other political groups have not been willing to do that this time .
therefore , we urge the commission to ensure a strict monitoring of the conditions in this countries that do not obviously deserves to be regarded as respecting the rights of the man .
tunisia
it is also the case of mehdi zougah , citizen franco-tunisian , arrested at tunis on 11 august last year , at the airport .
the house edition aloes , whose premises have been closed for several months , has not been able to publish freely .
the grounds of accusation are very blurry .
mr president , i would like first of all to thank the solidarity expressed by other colleagues regarding the latest assassination of the terrorist group eta .
the request for a meeting of the council of association dedicated the situation of human rights in tunisia must be followed by the actual effects ...
our experience in chile in the field of democracy and human rights was therefore crucial for future projects in other countries .
in the next few weeks , we will have to examine the results of the dialogue between the two political leaders , or to take note of the absence of such a dialogue .
the agenda item is the joint debate on the proposals of the resolution follows :
and this is not by chance that the oau and many heads of state of african condemn without ambiguity the ivoirité .
the collapse in the price of cocoa , the crushing weight of the external debt and the rise in fuel prices , among others , have pushed the country into an internal situation marked by increasing tensions , a significant deterioration of the social climate , an increase in unemployment and poverty .
we , the members of this parliament , we have the duty to defend the rights of the people of cote d&apos;ivoire - and elsewhere - to a democratic system, fair and properly organized , with a judiciary non-partisan .
i would like to say clearly that the commission shares the opinion of the parliament according to which the process of transition of a military coup to an elected government in cote d&apos;ivoire is far away , and c&apos; is an understatement , of the democratic standards that we want to see it implemented .
as regards the hints libellous pronounced against me , i have to say that i n&apos; not act thus in normal times and i&apos;ve wanted at any time alter the normal course of the debate .
as you know , mr. congressman , i addressed two times already this afternoon at the parliament on this issue , but that of which i have spoken c&apos; was the competence of the commission , not of its omni-competence .
the european parliament is not the sovereign in the fixing of the schedule .
faced with this problem , it is necessary to show a lot of sensitivity and work in the creation of a solidarity between generations that are absolutely essential to the development of a series of important policies to holistic and to the realization of the social security , social protection , and especially to ensure that each country included in its cultural concepts the idea that older people are not a weight for the company but that they should be considered as a resource : a human resource foremost , a social resource then , a cultural resource, also, and , finally , a vast heritage and experience which should be transmitted to the younger generations .
the reflection which is developed and the political action that we need to deploy in this area are of particular importance during this period when the european union began to modernize its social model by linking indissolubly economic development , social progress , quality of life and integration social of all the citizens .
the low rate of employment of older workers is a subject that the european parliament would have had&apos; s attack much earlier .
this shortage is even used as an argument to raise the retirement age and to reduce to nothing primers reduction initiated before .
the oecd has already done research on this issue a few years ago and published reports .
this report largely ignores their valuable contribution to the company .
mr president , the communication of the commission is , i think , an important step in the history of the social policy , as it puts an end to a period where the evocation of the third age was considering it as the generation of the underprivileged or entries .
having regard to that markets are not interested that to young people and their purchasing power , the cases concerning the elderly remain the responsibility of the policy .
one of our colleagues has well said : this is not we who live too long , this is not our company, which is too old but a few centuries ago people would die much earlier than the good god has opted by the registering in our genes .
c&apos; is a bad calculation , taking into account the current demographic situation and future , and also considering that the assets today are not in the labour force of tomorrow in economic terms .
article 13 of the report that i have submitted to the parliament in the month of october, confirms that it is practice to discrimination related to the age .
in addition , i don&apos;t want at any price that all women are active because we want rather than the participation of women in the world of work is enhanced by a family policy and tax .
i have photographs of him , when the three-color flag was raised again on the mont dauphin and in briancon .
the problem of aging is part of the most important goals that determine the new process of cooperation in the field of social protection .
we proceed to the vote .
this approach is quite desirable to like what is already done for the promotion of agricultural products in third countries .
it could lead you to a unanimity that , undoubtedly , aware of the greatness of soul of the commission , would lead to accept the totality of our amendments .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as a member of the working group on the wto and in particular as responsible for smes , then i can only congratulate the commission for this report and of this measure because it provides for large-scale developments and oriented towards the future .
it is obviously a significant opportunity for the rural world , which accurately fill in the distance that separates it from the major centres , and new opportunities are emerging which , in the end , will definitely be worth it worth it to be taken into consideration .
we now hope that this parliament will follow very widely and , naturally , i invite to my group to support you completely .
the fact that for the calves us to add it to the fat from the manufacture of animal meal - which is obviously very suspicious with regard to the transmission of the disease, mad cow disease - is a another focus of contamination for young animals .
the system of promotion is one of the elements of the malfunction of the agricultural policy of the eu .
i sincerely hope that this will be proposed will not be any ideological point of view of what is healthy and safe , but that it will have to be d&apos; information based on scientific data adequate .
the concept of measures for the provision of information and trade promotion , which complement national measures , requires a strong commitment on the part of the member states through the intermediary of the co-financing and control of measures to be taken .
without the search , it seems that i&apos;m going to be the last speaker of the year 2000 .
to return to the set-aside land , we could consider in practice that the set-aside is not the result of a crop rotation but rather that the companies use the bad lands to leave aside permanent and undertake an operation always more intensive chemical and other crop rotation .
consider , madam lulling , that the extra seconds that i&apos;ve given you are your christmas gift .
i fully endorses the contribution of our fellow liberal jan mulder .
