this exacerbates the anti-democratic nature of the european union , and i hope that mr moscovici has understood that mr prodi has erected today &apos; hui a genuine bulwark against these actions . furthermore , i really hope that this trend will be interrupted and reversed to the councils in nice and biarritz .
these negotiations , we know , are very difficult and have raised fears of a failure or an agreement has minima at nice , which would be even more serious , you have already agreed , the minister .
any other way to do would result in a major democratic deficit .
mr president , mr president prodi , mr president of the council , ladies and gentlemen , i thank the delegation of the european parliament to the convention and its president , roman herzog , for their committed work .
mr president moscovici , i ask you , with the utmost seriousness , to think about the next thing : if you delete behind the single decision of cologne and don &apos;t want to consider what to with great difficulty the eventual integration of the charter into the treaties , what encouragement those who violated human rights would of our procrastination ?
but on it i would like to mark if not disagreement , at least from the shades on two points .
he was right to stress the progress made since the fall of the wall and german reunification , ten years ago .
she also made an extremely interesting suggestion concerning the link between the charter and the discussion on a possible article 7 .
this work is possible , and the study conducted by the university institute in florence makes an excellent base to perform this task efficiently .
here , mr moscovici , i do not think that the one must pass all community .
now however , we observe that president putin has a policy of openness to the west .
report ( a5-0235 / 2000 ) by mr skinner , on behalf of the committee economic and monetary affairs , on the communication from the commission entitled &apos; risk capital : proposals to continue the implementation of the action plan &apos; ( com ( 1999 ) 493 - c5-0320 / 1999 - 1999 / 2208 ( cos ) )
is there not here two weights , two measures ?
recommendation for second reading piecyk ( a5-0232 / 2000 )
at the same time , the introduction of larger buses would reduce the number of buses in circulation , which would be less detrimental to the environment .
risking its own capital is a very dangerous activity .
in fact , entrepreneurs are most often comparable to players who hope to hit the jackpot .
it is , however , clear on the right of ownership , freedom of enterprise , affecting especially the minority who owns capital , the right to use and abuse .
mr president , i abstained in the vote on the resolution on the charter of fundamental rights of the european union because i find this still very unsatisfactory charter , despite some progress .
as a member of the delegation of the european parliament here , and after having worked with my colleagues for eight months on the subject , i have to say that the charter of fundamental rights could represent , indeed , added value for l &apos; europe but that , l &apos; current state of things , it cannot be satisfied or its content , nor the working methods which presided over its development .
the csu group in the european parliament favours the horizontal provision which establishes that no new competence is created for the community and for the union .
because we believe that the process constituting europe deserves a true public and democratic debate , there may be political construction of europe without social rights and democracy .
the vote is closed .
( a5-0249 / 00 ) by mr poos on cyprus ( com ( 1999 ) 502 - c5-0025 / 2000 - 1997 / 2171 ( cos ) ) ;
i am convinced that some countries will be able to make sufficient preparations in this time .
the french presidency will inform immediately the commission over which you preside , mr brok , the outcome of these negotiations as early as tuesday afternoon , as is now the custom between us .
we have indeed , in perfect agreement with commissioner verheugen , negotiations on 42 new chapters , which means 4 to 9 depending on the country , just as the portuguese presidency before us .
but the date of january 1 , 2003 , which is the only one that the union is agreed , is an extremely ambitious goal for candidates and for us , and it is in this perspective that the presidency will mobilize all its efforts .
i am ready , of course , to follow the very important debate that brings together us today &apos; hui .
ongoing , the largest enlargement in the history of european unification , is morally desirable , strategically necessary and politically feasible .
if we see that countries engaged in the enlargement process have already reached within a very short time , the stability of their democratic systems , this is a performance that these peoples have done themselves .
to the institutions of the eu , they must be used to monitor the success of the process and to pursue the development of trading strategies .
i mention only agriculture , environment , regional policy , legal and internal affairs and the budget. as preparation , the commission is working on a new monitoring system which will allow us to evaluate precisely and at any time the status of the negotiations and the actual implementation for each country .
mr president , minister , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we are discussing today &apos; hui of the brok report devoted to the progress of the enlargement process of the european union - a subject that returns each year .
in our view , paragraph 25 and the amendment filed my group on this subject are essential .
mr president , mr brok &apos;s report is an excellent description of the position of the european parliament .
the challenge of reunification , more than that of the enlargement probably is so huge that it invades or surrounds all parliamentary debates . this explains the depth and intensity that emerge from all our discussions , including the debate this morning on the need to prepare for this extraordinary challenge .
the important thing is to not let frustration among the candidate countries which , let us remember , even is they wait in the antechamber , have not yet entered into the union .
our group considers that acting in a determined manner , it is entirely possible that the first group to join at the time of the next elections to the european parliament , but we must act decisively to another .
the differences regarding what is affirmed in the brok report are details that most important points .
on all these subjects , the brok report , merely to talk about adaptation of reforms .
the personal involvement of the rapporteurs of the committee on foreign affairs , rights of man , common security and defence policy , and the exchange of fertile perspective that there took place , are inevitably going in the same direction .
enlargement , i just said , it is a historical process , it is a duty .
it is the credibility of the union .
we create the conditions for success , because it is important that this enlargement is not an outbreak , that this enlargement is not just a symbolic decision which , then , will create problems .
any of you should be surprised that those responsible for the negotiations , the prime ministers , the presidents of parliament , your colleagues in the national parliaments complain that things are not quite quickly - regardless of whether it really is there a sport enjoyed in europe .
do not attach date can awaken disappointment , attach a date too early can lead to a certain complacency : this means therefore that we look at the question of the date at the appropriate time , when we can say with sufficient certainty to what such date or such country will be ready for accession or not .
we have already very widely .
until i was born , freedom and democracy had the top on oppression and madness of the war , and a european union was incorporated .
these countries are a rich source of culture , diversity and multiple possibilities of which unified europe cannot happen .
if estonia knows approach effective and focused , during the negotiations , it has a good chance of becoming one of the new member states of the union .
the criticisms and proposals in my report on urgent and necessary progress in administrative and social matters are intended to quickly and successfully lead latvia in the european union .
it is our duty to continue to support latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population .
the link still existing between lithuania &apos;s currency and the dollar plays also a role in the matter because the litas follows the rise of the dollar against the euro . this causes a decline in contracts for export of lithuania to the euro area .
it is the only way to improve the possibility of development for kaliningrad also .
many of us think that , to stimulate and maintain this living support , it would have been useful to indicate dates for accession .
a particular problem faced by the czech republic , including at the border with germany , is that of prostitution , especially prostitution .
we are in the midst of a process of negotiations .
the problems that i have mentioned are not insurmountable .
these policies must lead to assimilation , not forced , to individuals belonging to this community .
the resolution and the report which concern us focus on some of the more controversial issues , namely nuclear safety , border controls , the treatment of minorities and the problem of corruption .
do is perhaps not a coincidence that the same public survey reveals that the ambassador to the european union is the second most popular personality in romania today &apos; hui .
mr president , commissioner , your rapporteur shares the view of the report from the commission on slovenia and notes that the criticisms expressed in 1998 constituted a salutary shock to the slovenian authorities , who have since then responded by speeding up the adoption of the necessary measures for accession .
the perpetuation of the status quo , result of the turkish invasion of july-august 1974 , is not acceptable for the european union .
it was only logical that the european council in helsinki , in december of last year , gave the green light , in the context of the extension of the accession negotiations , the resumption of the negotiations with malta .
the trend that we note in this report to encourage polish politicians to speed up the legal adaptation to the eu and to implement acquired it , as well as the conclusion , a few days ago , of the agreement on the liberalization of the polish agricultural market emit positive signs in this regard .
on this point , he has the full support of our committee .
let me address a few priority elements .
this is why we we can , to stay honest , develop constantly new barriers in these areas .
basically , we however need to consider one thing : the remarkable efforts and the absolute will of the candidate countries for enlargement to join the european union should be sufficient motivation to prepare ourselves for this enlargement .
mr president , perhaps we tend to think that the accession of new member states automatically assumes that they must meet more stringent standards for the protection of the environment and nature .
mr president , when pandora opened her box , the ills of mankind were freed .
this is why my report devotes a large part of its recommendations to the need to encourage the phare programme to do more in the field of health and to encourage the countries to cooperate now in the context of action programmes in health and in other sectors .
we must begin to talk about this integrated and polycentric european development .
we have heard something on the theme of the carrot in the sector policy and regional promotion .
there are one number of other points raised by the committee on regional policy in its report .
to avoid repeats of the same scenario , it is essential to ensure that enlargement does not benefit only men , but also women .
the fact that the spirits are more weighted is that proof - i previously warned in the same terms of colleagues in central europe - that we went from honeymoon to the normal reality of the household .
results of the intergovernmental conference depend on the inevitable conditions so that the eu can undertake its enlargement .
the group of the greens and regionalists argues for a conclusion of the negotiations with the first group of countries at the end of 2002 , so that the first accessions can take place before the next european elections in 2004 .
the various reports reflect this mainstream .
barely out of your old prison , do not enter a new .
i believe precisely what going already too fast at six , then fifteen , we have demonstrated our inability to build a europe which respects differences in its first members .
we will see a strengthening of competition and an acceleration of the reform process , including in europe western .
at various phases , however , measures have been taken , during and after the second world war , which obviously do not match the criteria of copenhagen since l &apos; spirit prevailing in l &apos; time , but what qu &apos; it , c &apos; is on these laws that was developed l &apos; ideological architecture and policy of this period including the peace treaties .
for all these reasons , and based on our own experience in greece , our opposition to &apos; expansion of l &apos; european union is l &apos; expression d &apos; a fraternal solidarity to &apos; respect of workers and , in general , peoples and the l candidate countries &apos; accession .
it is imperative that the accession negotiations between romania and the european union detail exactly what the romanian government needs to improve the standards and quality of orphanages in this country .
example , in mr gawronski &apos;s report , the commission is invited to consider appropriate measures to promote the development and strengthening of synergies between poland , lithuania and the russian region of kaliningrad .
mr verheugen , as chairman of the committee on agriculture and rural development , i took the opportunity to visit the countries candidates for accession .
the poos report underlines that democracy , in cyprus , working to perfection , because respect for human rights &apos; man and freedoms is the cornerstone of traditional social and cultural of l &apos; island , and social structures of the country are clearly centered on the human person .
the audiovisual sector is very important .
mr president , today &apos;s debate &apos; today focuses on the great challenge of this change of millennium : unify europe to establish peace and security , and promote development in social , economic and environmental fields .
mr president , as a member of the parliamentary delegation joint eu-lithuania , i would like to support the remarks made by mrs hoff in his report .
the blatant discrimination are committed in other countries , as in poland and to malta .
it is a process that is accomplished with varying success , but it is bearer of great hopes insofar as these citizens will become one day citizens of the union and will therefore called specially to establish links with their homeland .
so stop you want to replace the principle &apos; every man according to his results &quot; with &quot; each depending on its results , but my first elections &apos; .
its cooperation with the international community during the kosovo conflict and its balanced role at the time are crucial for the whole region .
these efforts include the privatization and restructuring of the economy .
ignorant and excluded cannot form the information society but are the sign of its failure .
member states could do more in their twinning to help candidate countries to develop their administrative capacity .
these regions of l &apos; europe are ready , especially cyprus .
enlargement consists of a grouping of economic forces , admittedly , but this grouping could also produce significant gains in the future , on the economy , increasing the size of the market and growth on our continent .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the importance and the scope of the historic opportunity that is offered to us to unite our continent in peace cannot be ignored .
here , we must add that we must be prepared to apply them at the administrative level .
as vice president of our joint parliamentary committee eu-czech republic , i know that this is the case in the czech republic and i presume that it is the same for other countries .
ten years of german unified eu participation are for us a history of solidarity must be now shared with others , even if the enlargement is not only a question of solidarity .
this tension makes the &apos; eee model &apos; reasoned because it rewards the candidates as soon as the application period .
after the horrors of two world wars and 50 years of oppression and communist dictatorship , during which have been trampled underfoot , on behalf of the class struggle , the dignity of man - universal as much as christian value- , democracy , religious freedom and the environment , it is time to unify finally our continent and this part of the world .
it must be made clear to all countries that entry into the european union does not directly entering economic and monetary union and access to the euro zone. the times are different .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , yesterday , the president of the commission said during his speech that weakens a body of the european union weakens the whole of the european union .
mr president , it is with enthusiasm , and for my part with great interest , we are going to approve today &apos; today the reports on enlargement in the candidate countries , including the czech republic to which mr jürgen schröder has devoted his report .
in my opinion , and i took advantage of the presence of a former irish attorney general to say , the commission has not yet demonstrated the determination required to settle this matter .
( a5-0257 / 2000 ) by mrs paulsen , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council on the undesirable substances and products in animal nutrition &amp; # 91 ; com ( 1999 ) 654 - c5-0344 / 1999 - 1999 / 0259 ( cod ) &amp; # 93 ;
this is one point central and vital part of prevention work .
they cannot really have confidence if the control is subject to significant differences of a member state or region to another .
cannot sacrifice food security on the altar of the benefit of the agri-food lobbies , as for me , i have withdrawn my name from the report .
during the establishment of the maximum values , we must keep in mind that nature has its own laws , that crops vary and that , ultimately , the farmer suffers , due to environmental effects on which it can have no influence .
we have addressed the same way all other areas related to the prohibition of dilution .
this directive is the first link in a long series of decisions relating to food security .
of course the zero risk is impossible . however , it is important to implement a warning system .
we do not dispute the paulsen report , we are absolutely in agreement with its contents .
the commissioner must know that , in my country , the independent advisory committee for issues relating to animal feed feared that a ban of this magnitude will cause a displacement of the blending operations outside the eu , where they are less likely to be well monitored and controlled before a future penetration on the market of the union .
i am delighted that the ppe - de has withdrawn its proposed amendment on the problem of the dilution .
in my eyes , &quot; from farm to the stall &quot; is the expression of the year in the field of eu consumer policy and suffers almost no competition .
unfortunately , in the future , criminal acts are not totally excluded , despite all our efforts .
mr president , this directive is an element of the package of coherent measures planned to ensure effectively the safety of all stages of the food chain .
should the legislation on hygiene is lacking in this regard , the review .
secondly , the commission cannot accept amendment no 27 by which parliament proposes to delete the possibility to define criteria of acceptability for material feed to the animals having undergone certain decontamination processes .
amendments nos 39 and 40 , which propose to delete the possibility of introducing limits of action , are also unacceptable .
the commission cannot accept amendments nos 5 and 22 relating to the system of early warning in their current wording .
the agenda is the report ( a5-0233 / 2000 ) by mr graefe zu baringdorf , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development , on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council amending directive 79 / 373 / eec on the marketing of compound feedingstuffs ( com ( 1999 ) 744 - c5-0020 / 2000 - 2000 / 0015 ( cod ) ) .
commissioner byrne , we are very satisfied .
producers have the burden of proving the composition of compound feedingstuffs for animals by providing detailed information to partially reverse the burden of proof in the event of application , but also to minimize the efforts of control within the member states .
the issue of genetically modified cereals should be settled elsewhere than here .
the standards are hardly comparable and even less portable .
it &apos;s simple , but ten years turning around the jar of flour .
i am considering more critically the protection clause , which grant rights to the commission to take its own measures , without any consultations with the member states .
accurate data is a second step , also necessary .
thus , within the council , a very large majority of member states is not in favour of the idea of mandating the systematic indication on labels , the exact composition of compound feedingstuffs for animals of report .
madam president , i regret to inform you , you and the assembly , a new maritime tragedy .
( the president cut the speaker )
the text of recital in question would therefore be the following , and i quote : &quot; recital c ) whereas the situation of the roma is still not due attention , whereas discrimination of gypsies should be seriously taken into account by the hungarian government , through the adoption of a set of positive measures that could lead to assimilation free to individuals belonging to this community &quot; whereas it is appropriate to find a solution through the creation of an office for minorities and the adoption of legislation in the medium term , measures which will promote the integration of the roma into hungarian society . &quot; &quot;
mr president , i just wanted to clarify that there is more to recital a but , in agreement with mr martelli , there a new article 1 .
. j &apos; have voted against the report brok on l &apos; expansion of l &apos; european union , because same s &apos; he shows insight from the technical point of view , it obeys political misconceptions on l &apos; future of l &apos; europe .
the extension of the union , at least in a first stage , to more than 100 million new citizens , would give new impetus to the development and integration of the european economy as a whole .
his report clearly establishes the issues and objectives of enlargement in the field of regional policy , in both political and financial terms .
preparatory measures extending over long periods of time and transitional and specific regulations covering often many years were necessary .
we must provide an appropriate response to an enlargement which will greatly increase the number of disadvantaged regions , reflect together on the risk of accentuation of the imbalances in the european area in order to ensure that europe is not only a broad heterogeneous set .
so , where are the &quot; advanced &quot; for people who have never been consulted ?
i am even afraid that this collection of reports on countries and cross reports prove counterproductive , especially in the countries which have applied for accession to the european union , in particular the countries of central and eastern europe .
and when i see what has been done so far on the subject at the intergovernmental conference , we cannot not particularly proud and we should firstly scan our own doorstep instead of demand on the part of the candidate countries to perform the first step that we are ourselves not able to accomplish .
this is the reason why , with my european colleagues of the national front , we would like to avoid the mistake of &quot; disintegration &quot; to the nations of eastern europe in the american-european union .
it is necessary to consider , as of now , new instruments and new forms of intervention for the benefit of all the areas which are reported deficiencies in infrastructure and networks of services such as , for example , the south of italy .
it would be desirable that the governments of the candidate countries continue strengthening their administrative capacity , so that the acquis communautaire can be implemented in these countries as early as before accession .
and more than tedious accounting exegeses , it is this feeling - or lack thereof - that should determine our choices for enlargement when the time comes , because european construction has more meaning if it ceases to be primarily political .
i take this opportunity to greet the elderly and pensioners poland , some of which , moreover , are organized into a party of pensioners , analogous to the party retreats that i represent in the context of this european union .
a restructuring of the agricultural sector seems to prevail in a country where the rural population represents 38 % of the total population and 4.9 % of the gdp and where l &apos; agricultural employment is estimated at 27.4 % compared to 5 % in l &apos; european union .
mr president , i am delighted that this house has adopted a majority more of 90 % , the excellent report by our colleague mr schröder , who qualified for the second consecutive year , the benes decrees as contrary to international law and human rights , and points out that they violate the community acquis as well as to the copenhagen criteria .
as mr wiersma has said in his report , i stressed the progress made by the slovak republic on the protection of minorities .
van orden report ( a5-0241 / 2000 )
. ( en ) i welcome the report winterbourne on the request for accession of romania to the european union and i share most of the conclusions of the rapporteur .
on the contrary , i look forward to seeing cyprus among us , but i do accept this impartiality , in particular in paragraph 4 , and the fact that the report insists not , at least , on the need for a settlement policy before accession .
as mr. soto has noted , we do not expect that the progress is easy , and the success of the process of the united nations is far from guaranteed .
it is essential to initiate projects involving the two communities and d &apos; encourage the dialogue between the two parties in a new spirit of trust .
from an economic point of view , the accession of cyprus should not pose major problems , given that the country enjoys a market economy and a high level of life .
mr president , while the pensioners party wishes particularly to the food safety and food , it is therefore quite rightly that i voted for the paulsen report .
these are , for example , of hectolitres of milk contaminated by dioxin which could be legally diluted in healthy milk .
we must continue to denounce the human rights violations in burma .
those of us who are sufficiently uncomfortable and sheltered to shape their own working environment and social design difficult the appalling discrimination that some face daily , sometimes risking their lives .
what image of the world may well have a child growing up in an environment that treats it differently from others under pretext that it is a girl , he &apos;s part of an ethnic minority or it is disabled or homosexual ?
in interviews , people from families experiencing social difficulties , of structures of district or being disabled are often denied .
they fear having to commit people to the values and beliefs of which they are unable to identify themselves .
she wanted to go to the restaurant , but it has refused him entry on the pretext that her physical appearance would flee the other clients .
still , the freedoms and rights of citizens commission attempted to demonstrate that this fragmented approach was a bad political signal , as if there was a hierarchy of discrimination .
the fight against discrimination concerns us all .
this parliament is preparing to send , through our votes , a clear message to all our citizens to tell them that we mean well to improve the results recorded by the member states concerning guarantee of equality of treatment , regardless of age , race , disability or sexual orientation .
if this is a sample of what awaits us in the future , i hope that in submit us many others .
i would also like to compliment mr mann for the result of his work , which is presented to us in this report .
fact remains that the report presented by mr cashman contains good things , including square that is made to ngos .
we also decided , rightly , does not include discrimination based on gender in this directive because it is already the subject of an individual european directive , which will be also improved by the proposals of the commission and which is based on a legal basis much more solid , on which parliament also enjoys a power of co-decision .
the company must develop in the field of complementary concepts for policy and practice .
ladies and gentlemen , i would like to point out that in europe , whenever the was applied the principle of the prohibition , the then had to turn back . this has happened in germany , when you wanted to punish neo-nazi parties .
the italian president spoke this morning in this house and i listened with interest say that this union did not aim to deny national values .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this week is an important week for our assembly &apos;s debates .
so , for the first time , the intervention is different : it is not matter of a rain of funding , but to check the quality of the interventions , on which we insist . these interventions should then be checked and their results published .
this is why we will support amendment no 18 to the mann report , which calls on the member states to repeal all penal code provisions which constitute discrimination against homosexuals .
in france , many examples attest .
and the national rights of our 15 countries also practice discrimination , including socialist france , france mr jospin , socialist .
mr president , the vote on the directive of the council for l &apos; equal treatment in the workplace extends l &apos; prohibition of discrimination beyond the racial , ethnic and other reasons which serve as a springboard to discrimination and to which l &apos; article 13 refers .
mr president , madam commissioner , a part of the debate proves , in fact , that we here need a directive , because told it that europe mingles centralist way of an area that in the background should be the member states , and knowing what happened in the previous period in many countries of europe - yesterday still on television there was again a bunch of reports on attacks on jewish synagogues , on the rape of a woman of foreign origin , etc. it should still have the pellet to dare come to say that europe has no need for a directive to combat discrimination .
i have still two messages .
i think therefore that it is necessary to involve the public and private sectors , and in this sense , i believe that the public sector should set an example .
article 13 of the treaty of amsterdam has been a challenge to the european union by entrusting the community specific powers to launch a diverse set of actions to combat discrimination , so that the same level of protection is guaranteed to all disadvantaged groups .
we must support amendment no 37 of the committee on employment and social affairs , which also provides for derogations in matters of religion or belief for people coming directly into contact with members of this belief in the context of education , social welfare or health care , such as teachers in denominational schools the doctors and nurses in hospitals and hospices , people visiting inmates , advisers and the carers for children , seniors , adolescents , couples , for which these desirable on social services by religious bodies .
i congratulate the rapporteur and , in conclusion , i will vote in these reports , with the exception of the point that i have mentioned .
mr president , commissioner , the task to which we are working is to convert into political practice article 13 of the treaty .
i would also like to thank the committees involved for their support and cooperation to arrive at an opinion coordinated in a short period of time .
there are three categories of amendments .
the commission is ready to simplify the wording of article 5 so that the provision would be better understood .
we all know that it is very important , but i must point out that in some member states , the collection of such data is a violation of the constitutional provisions on the protection of privacy .
i had to reply to more than 50 points and various amendments , and i think i can say that these amendments will be adopted during the french presidency .
you cannot claim to respect democracy and human rights if you do not do the necessary to prevent weapons of death and repression falling into the wrong hands .
it is clear that many weapons end up in the wrong hands because of the activity of arms brokers .
in this sense , the titley report is particularly effective and highlights not only the merits but also gaps , limitations of the report which has been presented to us , as well as the feasibility of the code of conduct .
we always aspire to a regulation , which is more binding and more current view of developments on the market and in the arms industry .
mr president , despite its unquestionable merits , the report remains both technical and stands a security framework and a model based on the military force , which gives disproportionate weight to considerations of military industry .
on the basis of this consideration , i am advocating clarity : which criterion prevails in case of contradiction between the criteria put forward by mr titley ?
the code has already strengthened the mutual understanding of the policies of the member states , it has established an efficient consultation mechanism and stimulated the dialogue about the implementation of its provisions .
many of these projects are underway or under consideration .
by its resolution of 18 may 2000 , your assembly gave support to this project. its implementation is now launched .
these proposals will be added to a set of specialized communications representing as many other contributions to the achievement of the european research area .
this is an important role that it must play .
commissioner , j &apos; would like to draw your attention to a question posed by very long all who cared to research .
there are new formulas to defend .
but on this subject , i would nevertheless like to say to parliament that it is important that this need , who spoke and who is an engine of economic development and innovation in this area , is taken into account at the level of the meda programmes and at the level of all external relations programmes .
and if i can &apos;t give you today &apos; response , is that i wanted to specifically , in this guidance note , invite member states to take a stand , because there is no european space research taking to the will of the commission .
in regard to the ecsc programme , know it that there was an agreement and that the search will continue .
i have accountable not only to the court of auditors , to taxpayers , but firstly to the european parliament , which is responsible for monitoring and approval of the budget and i think that &apos;s my role and my duty to say , at the moment that i considers it appropriate , what is happening , and to do so transparently , out of respect for the budgetary authority , that is the european parliament .
i believe that the ball is in your camp , your services provide , but they must be able to provide an answer .
i believe that , on the 102 spds which must be signed , 83 are currently under negotiation . i &apos;m talking about memory .
as the honourable member of your assembly has pointed out , the excise duties applied by the united kingdom on gasoline and diesel used as fuel are the highest in europe , but the excise duty on fuel oil and kerosene , insofar as these are used for industrial and commercial purposes or for heating these excise duties , as well as excise duty on heavy fuel oil , remain well below the highest values in the union .
therefore , i repeat , the commission has no way to ensure that the member states shall amend the level of excise duties .
the logic of economic reasoning supports the statement by mr. martin .
however , if he presented me a particular case illustrating its remarks , that of a particular region , or what do i know , i &apos;d love to advise my colleague mr barnier .
the removal of borders is no doubt considerable progress but we must , however , be able to prepare these minorities .
this means a reduction or phasing out of activities for a range of sectors .
how would you consider the thing , if the swedish government , during his period of presidency , was the demonstration of this power acting for the recovery of financial assistance to ecpat sweden ?
delete this assistance , it would be going against the priority that the commission and parliament have wanted to that the attributed to the fight against paedophile trafficking .
i thank very much the commissioner s &apos; be shown short , but clear on the issue .
this comprehensive regulatory touch at several points the regulation of whaling .
i would like to that the commission gives us the absolute guarantee that the rules contained in this document can in no case apply to the meat of the animals hunted for family consumption .
i will present to the council and the european parliament a report on the implementation in the member states of community legislation on the protection of animals during transport .
as i said , that the commission is currently working on a report on the operation of a directive on the transport of animals in member states .
these criteria are currently the subject of a discussion .
with regard to these aspects , the commission has already prepared a mandate for the standards institutes so that they develop standards on the use of computers for long periods of time .
its author is absent , question no 12 lapses .
it must be said that if we avoid any political contact with governments or regimes which we disagree totally with the attitude vis-à-vis the human rights , heads of governments and officials were much less abroad .
aung san suu kyi insists has long been such a dialogue to take place .
in such circumstances , it may well be that such a mission can be justified .
the eu member states provide the bulk of the budget of the osce and the european commission has also provided eur 5 million for equipment for the registration procedures .
it is that j &apos; was present at these elections among 200 other observers from 52 countries .
mr president , as others have already done today &apos; today , i congratulate mr titley for his report ,
mr president , l &apos; the european defence industry is certainly important , but peace in the world &apos; is at least as much .
it is extremely disconcerting to see other european countries now involved in the production of arms .
the arms trade presents the singularity that these are poor countries that are mainly buyers , countries which , for n &apos; anything d &apos; other , do not find d &apos; money , but who are to buy weapons .
in its first report , the independent committee of experts pointed out that the internal control and internal audit were totally distinct activities - even conflicting- , which do not belong to the same department .
secondly , the european commission &apos;s proposal would require all institutions to appoint an internal auditor .
parliament has not yet received the official text of the proposal but we could see a preliminary version and although i hope that the full text will be soon sent to the parliament , i also understand the wish of the commission to ensure that the text is legally and linguistically flawless .
it is also important to retain the possibility of recourse to ex ante independent , structurally decentralized probably control , but that is certainly not subordinated to the director-general at the head of the branch that made the &apos; object of control .
however , until now we don &apos;t know anything , and as long as it will be so , i advise this house to accompany the process of reform of the european commission with a certain scepticism .
i believe that the committee on budgetary control held important discussions on this topic and the commission is certainly well-advised if it constantly on this skill in the continuation of his reforms .
unlike the internal audit , the classic financial control checks already budgetary processes until the contracts are signed and payments made .
there is a certain lack of interest , which i &apos;m certain that the commissioner will take good note so that we reach the faster the objective of this reform which the hulten report marks the beginning .
i would like to thank the two committees - the committee on budgetary control and the committee on budgets - for this debate of great intensity and the rapporteurs , mm . van hulten and dell &apos; alba , who could not be present today &apos; hui .
i find this proposal so wise that i regret that i do not have i imagined it .
it goes without saying that we pretend not to a harmonization of laws for the protection of minors , not only because , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , each member state is sovereign in this area , but also because the cultural and moral conceptions and , therefore , evaluations of these themes , differ considerably from one country to another . there is , for example , no single definition of the notion of a minor , violence , etc .
i believe that we must educate children to benefit appropriately from this media , and bring parents to teach their children to watch what &apos;s worth it and leave out the rest .
but it is similarly emphasized that it should not rely on the only implementation of filtering mechanisms to ensure a supply of selected programmes and also clear responsibilities programs broadcasters .
let me give you , by way of conclusion , the concern of the liberal group with a growing supply broadcasts involving violence and sex .
therefore it is essential that all parties involved , starting with the children and passing by their parents , educators , the countries , the european union , to finish with broadcasters and producers , shall consult on this topic and learn how it must behave and react to all these proposals and the effects they can have on people .
he is not here to generalize or to simplify , even if speaking time is counted in the european parliament , but there are multiple examples .
but subsidiarity must serve to do something , and not screen .
the aim of such a study will be to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach , an approach based on the principles of self-regulation , and my services have launched work and have sent a questionnaire to the member states .
no one has more respect than me for mrs reding and the staff she runs the committee . i am therefore sure that , when she will reply tonight , it will be able to clarify the points i raised and that she would not simply to deliver a prepared statement .
this is the reason why the question of researchers must be maintained , mr evans .
it is wrong , i think , that the commission in deprived .
i am very pleased that the rapporteur has taken account of the possibilities of the citizens of the candidate countries to be concerned by the recommendations on mobility .
despite some opinions of the courts , the recommendations of the auditors and actions at the level of the council , nothing has been done to resolve the situation of these readers , whose status has been reduced by the italian minister of education .
mrs reding , mr busquin and his directorate-general concerned and the training of researchers , nor the problem of recognition of third cycles or the training of doctors .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , thank you , firstly the rapporteur , but to all those who are committed , also in the competent committee and in this chamber , so that mobility becomes a reality .
our heads of state and government , regional and national governments , realized that education has a role to play if we want to develop the economy , if we want to develop the social .
mr president , it is a great honour for me to welcome you to the european parliament .
once again , we will guide the fortunes of our continent , as had to do the great statesmen of the 1950s .
the european economic recovery is today &apos; hui a fact. therefore use the current weakness of the euro , which promotes an excellent competitiveness of our prices , to accelerate the rebound of productivity that innovation can generate both in instruments and modes of production and organisation of the market .
and this conquest is at this point that acquired consciousness that the there will weaken. now , two entire generations know only this europe of interdependence and open borders .
this emerging sector opens up women a more broad access to the world of work .
the second theme of this ministerial conference will focus on the articulation between family life and professional life .
firstly , the guidelines for employment which , this time , have been expanded with quantified targets . it is thus proposed to increase the employment rate of women to 60 % by 2010 .
the expectations of civil society are strong , and this has not escaped the members of the convention who wished a &apos; correct anxious &apos; charter .
the participation of women on the labour market is very inferior to that of men , the difference increasing in some countries , especially in southern europe .
it is that i am a man ! but in the european union , men and women do not have the same chances of success .
this maybe deserves to be pointed out in this chamber .
mainstreaming has been repeatedly mentioned here and i can that associate myself with what has been said , namely , at the economic policy level for example , it is crucial that get to reflect on the man-woman aspect .
the woman , with a choice of nature , is one which covers the future of humanity in his breast .
it &apos;s well annoying all the same , these women who , from the bottom of their cuisine , their household accounts or refuse the bright future of the euro .
the report before us is based however on a forced interpretation of the principle &apos; equality .
l &apos; human being is a creature independent and responsible in its relations with god - its creator - and his ilk .
there are already three years ago !
with a percentage of 30 % women , the european parliament is ahead of the other institutions .
in virtually all sectors of activity , there are still profound inequalities .
i am grateful for his strong commitment and her work reflected in favour of equality between the sexes .
the women are forced into temporary work , more strongly exposed to precarious employment and unemployment , paid on average 30 % less than men .
this is why we need to assess the actual situation of women , we need to develop indicators , we must continue to give binding force to our political action , so that advances benefit all and not just some .
it is obvious , and the associative i - since me too , as much from between you , i have associative path 30 years - knows how many associative movements , feminist movements , intellectual movements , of course , worked to advance this matter , and we today &apos; today , we are at our place in our role of responsibility an institutional role .
i despair not anyway to improve this text .
i agree to the observations in the report and the suggestions of the members who have spoken of the need to change the nature of the report .
mr president , commissioner , this morning we vote the common position of the council whereby we will definitely adopt this reform of the community customs code .
finally , amendment no 11 , which requested that this amendment of the community customs code enter into force before 1 january 2000 , has more sense .
i believe that , once more , the conciliation procedure , the agreement between the institutions , has worked well .
the community customs code has allowed d &apos; harmonize and simplify legislation in a transparent manner – which must always be l &apos; final goal .
if the &apos; considering the fragile balance that characterizes the folder , i think that l &apos; from a conciliation procedure - assuming that this debate be extended - would be somewhat uncertain .
mr president , on the last vote , i would like to simply inform the assembly of the fact that the commission issued yesterday , a press release and that commissioner reding has expressed last night in such a way that , with regard to the report that we have just adopted on the mobility of teachers , students , teachers and members of the educational community in general report to help them to travel to europe to study , work or carry out any activity related to the field of education , the commission will not accept any of the amendments asking him to do anything to ensure that these agreements are respected .
mr president , there is also a translation error that does not have the same scope as that which comes to be relieved .
we liberals support this fact - in the interest of a profitable operation of the internal market - the request by the committee to the commission so that the latter is developing a legislative proposal concerning the place of birth of the customs debt .
this proposal , if it is a step in the right direction in contains no less than many gaps which the evans report remedies .
our position on the recommendation of the european parliament and the council about the free movement in the union is positive in principle , but we would like to mention the following :
should be included in the association agreements which have been concluded or will have to be concluded between the european union and the candidate countries rules that prohibit discrimination of groups protected by article 13 .
the usual principles of &apos; rule of law are thus gradually changed under l &apos; influence d &apos; an extremist conception of the fight against discrimination , to which the european parliament and the commission are too happy to rally to put their noses in all national laws .
it seemed essential to broaden the scope &apos; implementation of the programme to ensure the implementation of l &apos; article 13 of the treaty .
in addition , the snp sees this directive as a means to achieve the underlying objectives of the european union recognizing that equality in the field of employment helps combat social exclusion and participates in l &apos; intensification of the mobility of citizens within the union .
it is already very difficult for the authorities .
it is a very complex area and the proposals are both ambitious and far-reaching .
they also imply discrimination against persons and organizations considering the holy scriptures as the expression of the divine word , infallible rule governing anything , forcing these faithful to employ those who propagate and practise sexual acts in total contradiction with the ethics of the holy scriptures .
this distinction is detrimental to transparency of the financial regulation .
although we had sympathy with the idea of political regulation of european production and exportation of arms , we are sceptical about the titley report , above all for the following reasons :
i support the report by my colleague , gary titley , and considered him that responsible business practices in armaments are part of the acquis communautaire , and that , therefore , the candidate countries should be involved in the development of the code of conduct on arms exports code of conduct which should be legally binding .
european states have sold weapons to indonesia that the army is involved in the massacres in east timor , the moluccas .
once more , we see this delicate and sensitive issue of the protection of our children , who will be the societies of tomorrow - become l &apos; object d &apos; marketing , for even greater profits .
children are different from adults .
i m &apos; involve personally so that , at european level , the eu governments are implementing appropriate legislation to implement the necessary protective mechanisms which i have told you .
the 1998 report examines in particular the phenomenon of unemployment and the economic impact of under-employment of women .
l &apos; equal opportunities in work , social participation in health and elsewhere , cannot be conceived within a framework of reactionary policies which , in l &apos; together , infringe human dignity , without perspective d &apos; social equity - a society of unemployment , underemployment , without welfare state , a commodification of human value and pricing company .
b5-0784 / 2000 , by mr salafranca sánchez-neyra , on behalf of the group of the people &apos;s party european ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on the crisis in peru ;
the support given by the united states to this character was contrary to these aspirations , and this influence must be offset by another influence , that positive one , on the part of the european union , in favour of the rights of man and the full democratic development .
it is appropriate that the european union is involved and that it does so quickly .
this is why the commission is considering at the moment with the member states how concrete assistance can be given in the best conditions with regard to the preparation of pluralistic and democratic elections and their control .
the political fundamental problem , as says the resolution , which is also the way to try to influence the situation in afghanistan , it is to put pressure on the big neighbour that is pakistan . i would also add the other large neighbour , the people &apos;s republic of china , with which pakistan has excellent relations , with which pakistan is working at the military level , at the nuclear level .
the resolution prepared by all the groups , and which i have the honour to defend here , goes in this direction .
the eu should again good figure if she started a policy within the united nations initiative , in order to achieve a peaceful solution to the conflicts that rend the afghanistan .
the emergency resolution , today &apos; hui put to the vote , request that the concerns expressed by this parliament on many occasions , are translated into concrete initiatives .
the thorny question that arises now is whether this religious barbarism is sufficient to create a front d &apos; international opposition against the hosts of jihad conspirator , osama bin laden .
human rights
for example , a colombian priest , oliveiro medina , is currently in brazil .
in this regard , i would like to highlight the fact that the commission supports the peace efforts of president pastrana and done everything in its power to promote a lasting peace in colombia .
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i think that this resolution is important because it speaks of a positive decision of the macedonian government , and unfortunately not all the forces policy of macedonia , on the law on higher education which will eventually allow young people from minorities , and in particular the albanian minority study in their mother tongue .
an extraordinary , this collaboration resulted in a proposed law that was approved in parliament by a majority of meps .
mr president , i gladly add my voice than joost lagendijk for touting the merits of mr. van der stoel .
mr president , during the franco-german reconciliation , general de gaulle spoke of &apos; peace of the brave &apos; , heard by there a sustainable compromise for the patriots on both sides .
the allocation of funds is provided in the financing proposal that is presented today &apos; hui - perhaps precisely at this moment – to the phare management committee .
it is striking to note that the government and the shipping company s &apos; insist to assert that the &apos; samina &apos; meet all safety standards .
mr papoutsis has already &quot; dismantled &quot; a service very important his ministry , the direction of l &apos; inspection of merchant vessels .
i hope that today &apos; today , and that in the days and weeks to come , the commission we will introduce the measures it intends to take against member states who are negligent on maritime safety .
just as dangerous is the conduct of the authorities control and classification society which , by operating as a private for-profit company is in fact controlled by the shipowners same qu &apos; it is supposed to control .
the first greek king was a bavarian. and this is still reflected today &apos; hui where a particularly large number of bavarians go on vacation in this wonderful country .
the competent member of the commission , mrs palacio vice-president , therefore intends to integrate in its programme of work for 2001 the question of a revision of the directive in force with regard to safety standards for vessels intended for the carriage of passengers .
the agenda is the statement by the high representative for foreign policy and common security on the situation of the middle east peace process and the elections in yugoslavia .
hope that during the next few hours , i could give you better news . unfortunately , i cannot do at the moment .
the serbian people will then have the opportunity to again be part of the family of the european peoples and to work with its neighbours to the construction of a peaceful and stable future .
but camp david was not a failure either. the gap between the parties has been significantly reduced and some difficult taboo themes could be overcome .
like other speakers , i wish to express my concern about what is happening and at the same time , i would like to declare that , as soon as we talk about this region , one has the impression to tread a minefield and that no matter what anyone says , it is sure to get reactions .
it was expected for a long time an explosion : difficult to believe in peace when , since the signing of the agreements , the settlers moved from 141,000 to more than 200,000 . when there is no work to feed her children , like my friend talal who is mason in the colonies , perhaps on land that belonged to his family ; difficult when soldiers prevent you from moving .
recent reports that i have received - and i regret having to leave the parliament to go to paris immediately - indicate that the parliament building has been invaded by the protesters in belgrade and that the premises of the television are currently in the hands of the opposition .
we must get out of a dangerous impasse , in which each partner sees as unthinkable the sovereignty of the other holy places which are consubstantial .
israel must not be the only condemned if the palestinian leadership continues to use violence in guise d &apos; option in the negotiations .
we can only hope that all those members of the army and the police - in the end , these are all men who are there to serve the people and not a dictator such as milosevic - hiding and that they will undertake nothing against peaceful demonstrators .
we always have the goal - and i agree to-a new yugoslavia , a yugoslavia with autonomous states , kosovo and montenegro , but we must not know a new dislocation , a new dispute , a new conflict , a new violence , this is not our goal. on the contrary , a new yugoslavia must emerge , a democratic yugoslavia , where the people are voluntarily , not under duress , not by the brutality , but because they are convinced of the possibility of a federation with a democratic future , a democratic future with other leaders , without milosevic , which could then - in a still undetermined time - be brought before the court of justice in the hague , because we want justice , but justice with peace .
d &apos; generally do not say &quot; serbia belongs to l &apos; europe &apos; , as you have the rest found out very recently .
s &apos; be the largest common denominator or d &apos; a wide majority in the council - the answer remains outstanding .
statement by the president on yugoslavia
thank you , mr rübig .
before making a few concrete comments on the issues raised by this proposal for a decision , i would like to express our support for the latter because &apos; it supports the position of the parliament on relations between l &apos; union european and croatia .
he has already managed to enact legislation to these objectives .
this is the reason why should also proceed to the recovery of the economy .
we share all l &apos; opinion that need help politically croatia , but political assistance also means financial support because political stability still requires social and economic stability and may not be achieved if the necessary investment made in this area .
one-third of croatia was occupied , and this n &apos; is qu &apos; after many years that this country could be reunified and that democracy has been introduced , which , - and it must also be stressed - led to a peaceful change of government .
until 1918 , these two regions were the dissenting parties of hungary with a language , a culture and an own identity , which opposed the official authorities .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , recent interventions , as well as the debates of the day d &apos; yesterday and d &apos; aujourd &apos; hui , showed that despite the necessary increase , that we all applauded , generally guarantees and guarantees for loans from the eib in particular , we believe qu &apos; it must be a d-project &apos; together for this region and a lasting agreement as well as a reflection and a decision , policy and economic policy .
i would like to thank , on behalf of the commission , mr seppannen for his report on the proposal to extend the guarantee granted by the community to the european bank d &apos; investment to cover loans for projects in croatia .
( the sitting was closed at 9 : 45 ) .
it is in your name that i address to their families our deepest condolences and our deep sympathy .
altogether , mr rübig . i will do so .
you know the situation in gibraltar , where a british nuclear submarine failed .
i hope that we can come back soon on the issue of the thousands of other political prisoners in burma and the lack of democracy which afflicts this country .
they made the dream of building a federal state with president spinelli , for example , that is to say transform our treaties into a constitution .
whatever &apos; one wishes to speak in favour of this request ?
mr verheugen gave the impression that , in the current state of things , ten countries will enter the european union in 2005 and he also questioned - and is the most serious aspect - the meaning of majority voting in the council of ministers , that we consider the element of fundamental reform to the nice summit .
thank you very much , mrs palacio .
ultimately , we are here in the presence of all elements that advocate the rejection of the request for waiver of the parliamentary immunity of mr pacheco pereira and , therefore , the socialist group joins the proposal of mr maccormick &apos;s not accede to this request .
we therefore ask that this method should be strengthened and that it was applied , as decided now &quot; social affairs &quot; council , the problems of exclusion and poverty .
the committee on women &apos;s rights advocates also l &apos; access to a sufficient and worthy welfare system which should receive l &apos; together of women of all ages and all social groups .
i would at the outset of the general comments on the social agenda , before returning on various fields , in a spirit of synthesis to respect my speaking time .
the social partners also committed themselves to work on this theme .
i also found a strong demand for a genuine community strategy environmental work , in particular with regard to health and safety .
mr president , i think that there are still some problems , but we will have to solve them in the context of the vote on the amendments .
i would like to point out that each eu country has its own traditions and its own ways to solve problems that arise in social and employment policy ; the decisions taken at the lisbon summit acknowledge this fact .
elementary concern for the general interest should also encourage us all to approve the proposal to include recitals relating to employment in the regulations and decisions of merger , today &apos; hui laid down by competition .
my name is listed instead of mrs figueiredo .
in conclusion , the objective to give impetus to european social policy globalisation , enlargement and the ageing of the population is commendable .
our liberal colleagues , and in particular our british conservative colleagues , have again tabled a number of amendments , which will reduce the ambitions set out in the social action programme .
a wise and efficient policy mix economic and financial is crucial for us , and even more l &apos; extension of the social economy and the services sector .
all these coordinated actions of social policy will also fight against poverty and social exclusion .
sites open in the social agenda must benefit from a coherent legal framework , reconciling , certainly. the convergence policy and coordination policies open , but also pressing legislative measures , when necessary , themselves supplemented by perfectly demanding tracking methods .
it n &apos; is important not only to calculate the cost of social policy , often considered under certain political views , as an obstacle to economic development , but also to estimate the cost of the non-application of this policy .
commissioner , thank you for your interesting speech .
the commission has now identified five areas for action that the is considered as having strategic importance .
we insist , at the same time , on the need for measures and d &apos; axes that complement each other in these areas of economic life , participation , representation on a foot of &apos; equality , social rights , civil society , the roles and stereotypes of both sexes .
this requires that we undertake in an intensive way in a women &apos;s policy that embraces the institutions and policy ; we must also move towards a greater adaptability of expected equality of opportunity policies .
it is necessary to make the woman a place consistent with the vital importance of its mission , and i am not sure that mrs eriksson &apos;s report is contributing .
the cause of women can only be strengthened by such a decision .
we consider that the creation of a website is extremely useful , not only because of the increasing use of information technology , but also because this will help familiarize women with this new world which they cannot be excluded .
i hope that it will result in the necessary political impetus to the realization of the programme and the framework strategy .
c &apos; is the well-known strategy which includes the five axes , namely the participation of women in economic life , at the centers of decision , social policy , civil society and human rights , and the new model d &apos; equality between the sexes in the media and in l &apos; education .
mr president , i welcome the report presented by the commission .
i understand , in the light of the latest developments , that the commission has decided to adopt a more hard - and rightly so - in respect of south korea .
this is important because of the need for transparency .
when taking a decision of competition policy , it must take account of its effects on the social , structural and industrial policy ; if it does not , it brings competition policy into pure ideology .
as you know , the commission is opposed to this merger , which triggered a wide debate on how to work the competition rules and how should calculate and estimate market shares .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , a cordial thanks for the reports we have heard today &apos; hui. they do not only state of the past , they give the themes of the current debate and already include the commission &apos;s plans .
finally , the strengthening of the individual responsibility of the citizen can create legal uncertainty , but a european competition policy must determine the behaviour and attitudes outside the institutions .
in his report , mr. evans thanks you , mr monti , you be attacked with determination to the problem of state aid policy .
this is why articles contained in the motions for resolutions and who put this aspect highlight , as well as a need for transparency , are particularly valuable .
i believe that together , we make steps forward to better explain this policy to citizens .
during the year in question , there were many cases that have required the use of a large amount of resources and which was completed by formal decisions .
in regard to korea , mr lamy , who will come here later this week , will be better placed than me to get you the latest developments .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i present today &apos; hui to the assembly , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , motion for a resolution on the report of the commission on the single facility providing financial assistance to medium-term balance of payments of member states .
given the current integration economic , financial and monetary affairs , the probability that one or the other state member encounters difficulties in the balance of payments is extremely low from the institutional point of view ; however the mechanism shall remain in force .
the directive we are discussing today &apos; hui assures the maintenance and guarantee of traditional vine varieties , which characterize the cultivation of the vine in our regions .
it will also tell us whether it intends to continue to prepare for the arrival of gmos on our plates and in our glasses , now unfortunately , with the complicity of the french presidency and total phase shift with european consumers .
i believe it is appropriate to approve the klaß report , especially after additional guarantees provided by the amendments , such as the committee on agriculture which specifies the reference to directive 220 / 90 , will be amended with regard to the aspect relating to gmos .
there , mrs klass , a second subject that angry .
if the were accepted this amendment , it would create artificial barriers to trade , which would be contrary to the main objective of the proposed directive , namely the consolidation of the internal market .
therefore , i consider that article 7 , paragraph 4 , of the rules of procedure has not been respected .
this is your legal mistake , madam president .
in the social field , i believe that we should also be able to move forward , on condition , however , do not touch the principles underpinning the various national social security systems , which leaves some room for manoeuvre .
by then , the preparatory group therefore met yesterday to work on qualified majority voting and on enhanced cooperation , on very concrete bases .
i heard the president-in-office of the council , mr moscovici , evoking what he called &apos; the biarritz spirit &apos; .
we must reassure , say to those who are worried that under no circumstances is not rehabilitate cause the tax sovereignty of the states , say to those concerned also that it is not to merge social protection systems , especially at the bottom , but simply to function in an enlarged europe the common market and the single market .
it is for us an essential qualification so that the outcome of the intergovernmental conference can be characterized as a success , namely decision-making by majority to become the decision-making core principle in the future within the council of ministers and that the european parliament be treated as equals with regard to legislation in these various materials .
but there is a basic question that i would like to ask the president-in-office of the council to clarify .
in this sense , i would also ask that the is pronounced clearly on the proposal that we do and which , in our opinion , has a political meaning .
this assumes that the majority decision to become the rule in the council and co-decision with parliament must become the rule in the agricultural sector , for example .
me too , i wish the success of nice and i am delighted that european populations of numerous associations , ngos or trade unions , are investing in the prospect of nice .
this model in the context of the justice policy cooperation is already known .
in this regard , i do not share the feeling of the chairman of the group of the epp on the issue : &quot; a commissioner / a member state &quot; .
i also refer to the number of meps in the european parliament .
how , in these circumstances , can we imagine that there is on it a trend ?
this is why i believe that with the resolution that we will vote on tomorrow , we give a very clear mandate to our two representatives , elmar brok and dimitris tsatsos , allowing them to submit a proposal in this sense on the table in nice .
we friserions , it seems to me ridiculous . i hope that progress by nice can be made on this point .
unfortunately , france is more the interpreter of its own interests and those of the major countries that proposals to overcome the differences of opinion , although mr moscovici is now attempting to convince us otherwise .
i must tell you that article 93 , as drafted by the presidency , does not meet yet simple debate .
if the accepted european treaty in nice dull completely influence and representation of smaller member states , it will be very difficult to defend and to approve in referendums in these three countries .
mr president , mr president-in-office of the council , commissioner , about the situation in the middle east , two months ago , in this chamber , we were unanimous in welcoming the commitment to peace shown by avraham burg , the speaker of the knesset , and ahmad qurei , the president of the palestinian legislative council .
l &apos; enlargement , vision qu &apos; it was for some , has become a scarecrow , as s &apos; it would bring changes in the balance of power .
it is really disturbing that those who do not want to push reforms further that is allow the mandate given by their respective member states , are subject to what might be called a kind of blackmail .
mr president , during the last september plenary , we lived and shared moments of optimism and hope with abraham burg , speaker of the knesset , and abu ala , speaker of the palestinian legislative council .
i believe that it is appropriate that we have again today &apos; hui a common resolution , on behalf of all parties , in which we agree , wisely , that both sides need to make peace , that we cannot do as a people .
we are an opposition force and i believe that we have the right to vote on resolutions in favour of the charter , different from those of the majority .
this procedure is unacceptable from the point of view of democracy and integration policy .
any other approach leads us into an impasse .
examples : the model european limited company , the painful liberalization and privatization of postal services at l &apos; community level , l &apos; opening the energy sector to competition , or l &apos; commitment to the process of &apos; harmonisation of taxation .
all the same , we have made reference to the intelligent and open work leading to this charter and the national parliaments , representative of the national opinion , took part in this work .
finally , i would like to thank mrs randzio - plath for the speech made just now .
&quot; on our left , karl marx , the revolutionary thinker , denounced and rallying the idea of human rights , because the abstract man does not exist , according to him , and that humanity does not constitute anything .
thirty years ago , large countries of the south have suffered the dictatorship and east survived under the soviet yoke .
in any case , do not kill it today &apos; hui .
anyone who has studied the problem knows that &apos; there is an &quot; enigma &quot; of translations : while the italian version accepts the principle that island status is one of sufficient for the intervention of the community criteria , the french translation , followed by other languages , expresses a different concept and the english translation is exactly to halfway and lends itself to two interpretations .
i come back therefore now on each of these points , but briefly to allow time for our debate .
i could just say thank you to olivier , and simply noted that there is , in its text , a quite low against president prodi attack - he speaks with humor , of course - or even noted that he did not quite say how he wanted that the is achieved in the constitution .
then there is , still , it &apos;s inevitable , but nevertheless questionable , a deal of arbitrariness , understandably , in the choices made by the institute in florence .
i understand that our italian friends - for many of them — are between the different language versions of article 158 , paragraph 2 , of the treaty , certain nuances , or differences , which may give rise to different interpretations .
i fully share the parliament &apos;s wish that the fundamentals remain unchanged , but i noticed , president mr gil - robles , an opening on your part to relax some of these conditions , it is paragraph 11 of your resolution , and i want , in this regard , express some caution .
we need in the first phase of a constitutional treaty which synthétiserait in clear and understandable terms the fundamental principles of the existing treaties on which the european union is based .
it is with good reason that our rapporteur insists strongly on the requirement that the power of initiative of the commission and the participation of parliament , at least according to the consultation procedure , should be the norm in all enhanced cooperation .
this work must not serve as a pretext for delaying enlargement .
historically , the mission of democracy was to reduce the power of the prince .
it would first ask what exactly is the light of our peoples for the europe of tomorrow .
finally , what is serious in the report by mr olivier tautology , it is that it offers a groping constitution .
unfortunately , our hopes proved futile , and this because , inter alia , the islands pay different language versions that have been established by this point .
to achieve this goal , ask the nice council the prospect of renewing , deep , capable of attracting the political consensus and support of the citizens .
i hope that the french presidency will find a way more efficient , more imaginative , to ensure the candidate countries and the public across europe that we deal not only technical issues , but above all the political imperative to stability in our continent by widening certain and guaranteed by our union european .
as regards the report by mr duhamel , which led to important and interesting content at the end of a long work , i must highlight two amendments that our group has presented .
mr president , the question of the committee on constitutional affairs , by mr napolitano , on a very specific topic and i think that the response of commissioner barnier and the president-in-office of the council , mr moscovici , is very clear .
it is necessary now that manifests itself in nice l &apos; indispensable political so that these proposals , associated with d &apos; other made from time to time , constitute , through the treaty of nice , a whole complete , an institutional framework which will allow the european progress in the right process to track , but also to l &apos; union european to welcome the new members in a constructive and impeccable .
report ( a5-0290 / 2000 ) by mr riis-jørgensen , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on xxixth report of the commission on competition policy - 1999 &amp; # 91 ; sec ( 2000 ) 720 - c5-0302 / 2000 - 2000 / 2153 ( cos ) &amp; # 93 ;
i reported to the registry .
such texts confirm that the role of the european institutions , parliament included , is to be at the service of a small layer of haves .
this is because parliamentary immunity is independent that our institution has discretion about requests that are formulated , and including fumus persecutionis .
the foot of vine or cep is a fundamental element for optimum production of grapes and wine , both from the point of view of the quality and the quantity .
regards scientific techniques , such as micromultiplication ( in vitro ) , should be qu &apos; a provision with the exception of the production of material culture in vitro from meristems , because l &apos; experience and tests done by institutes for many years teach us as l &apos; observed mutations at these points of the plant .
and they reported to the shareholders of the companies concerned , they were , on the other hand , dearly paid by workers , their families and society as a whole .
i can &apos;t answer that question , mr fatuzzo , because it is an explanation of vote .
for the purposes of this state subsidy , is regarded as small or medium business any company employing fewer than 250 people .
the principle of social regulation by the laws of the market tends to abolish l &apos; human being and creativity as subjects of l &apos; economy and production , and ignores a fortiori for the well-being of individuals for s &apos; interest in the business .
attempts to further reduce protection measures for workers , l &apos; offensive all-out against their acquired rights , in conjunction with the initiatives taken to reduce at least the weight of the public sector and the role of countervailing duty that can play the state aid , do qu &apos; increase popular discontent and lead d &apos; other workers on the ways of combat and resistance .
the report ( a5-0236 / 2000 ) by mr colom i naval , on behalf of the committee on budgets , on the interinstitutional agreement on financial statements .
we have therefore brought payments of headings 3 , 4 and 7 to a level that guarantees coverage of 25 % of the commitments made in 2001 for each budget line .
if the is taken into account , in addition , the lines relating to actions on the job market and local employment initiatives , it is question of almost eur 150 million for the promotion of employment under heading 3 .
it is also unacceptable that of budgetary procedure in budgetary procedure , we were fighting always about the same topics and according to immutable rites .
this parliament represents the citizens of europe .
in the field of foreign policy , security policy , the council should ensure - in the future - that it remains so .
the committee of the regions cause us less worries at the moment .
we believe that changes are still needed and urge the commission to consider the question .
it is also what the commission is proposing and we support unreservedly .
that is why , when the foreign ministers meet and take one any commendable decision as , for example , that help kosovo and serbia , the last of their concerns is to ask if there is money to fund this decision and whether to tap into another position such as aid to development in africa meda and the promotion of the rights of man in the former soviet union .
in all modesty , you close the list of our rapporteurs .
with an evolution of 3.5 % in 2001 , the draft community budget increases in proportions far beyond that to allow the member states in respect of their national budgets .
the council has not considered desirable to resume programming proposed by the commission in the proposal for a framework regulation , nor in its preliminary draft budget for 2001 .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , mr president of the council , budgetary policy is still a matter of foresight and , if we are debating today &apos; hui of the 2001 budget , the budget of the next year , we must therefore give us on applications , on the challenges facing policy and european budget next year and to which it is responding .
i would like to thank especially the parliament and the rapporteurs , mrs haug , mr ferber , mrs rühle and mr colom i naval .
however , i must also ask parliament to be open to negotiation .
with regard to the issue of redeployment from the agricultural policy , we will submit you soon new estimates for necessary expenditure in the agricultural sector .
when &apos; examines evaluation reports , it notes that the commission has produced a lot of documentation relating to the preliminary draft budget , for example for 2001 , including a working document containing summaries of the results of a few mostly external evaluations .
i think that my colleagues would pose a technically fair and politically timely act in supporting this amendment .
at second reading , we propose in particular the creation of 60 additional posts within the european court of justice and it goes not only to create these positions but to equip them with appropriate budgetary allocations .
this is why i am delighted that we have finally found together a way to correct the imbalance of the proposed budget for the unanimous priorities of this house , for employment and social cohesion , and i would like to thank our colleagues in the committee on budgets and , in particular , the rapporteur-general , even though naturally , some wishes of the committee on employment and social affairs remain outstanding .
i would like in this regard to draw the attention of the commission and parliament on the following points .
however , i would add in this connection that a new discussion was taking place within the commission , on the sugar policy for example .
we have criticised the shortcomings and the marginal role of the commission in control and monitoring policy and we therefore believe that we must support this policy by strengthening it from a budgetary point of view .
should be financed partly by l &apos; instrument for pre-accession ispa , the start-up of projects , so that resources , which are limited , can be exploited effectively .
in 1999 again , not less than eur 3.2 million were returned to the member states because they had not been affected .
we also hope that this line will be approved .
i would like to draw attention to the fact that the theme on which we receive petitions is that fraud and mismanagement of finances in the european union .
we must remember that other means are available and that we do not necessarily go through a revision of the financial perspective .
personally , i have not endorsed them , because l &apos; one or the other to between them goes a little bit too far .
we want citizens to have new confidence in our institutions .
however , we are no longer willing to throw overboard , things that we feel are essential - and who have been recognized as at the end of negotiations with you and the commission – therefore new things are the order of the day .
however , this means that we must review our policies under the microscope and make reductions .
community management has been shockingly deficient : last spring , about three billion d &apos; euros of unused resources have been returned to member states .
it is a fact that the forthcoming enlargement will place the community strain .
we call especially the majority of the parliament to ask once again to really place all the staff - that is to say , 400 positions as a whole - in reserve or if we can take a further decision on the matter .
it is the worst message to give to neighbors and friends around the mediterranean at the time of enlargement .
mr president , the budget of the european union is the instrument par excellence whereby the union concretely manifested its political priorities .
it could hardly count on additional revenue resulting from larger contributions from member states .
rather than proceed with technical analysis of the budget or the reading of the amounts provided for in the various columns of the revenue and expenditure , parliament must focus on the quality of the commitment and payment appropriations , which means in particular the assessment of the criteria for the allocation of the amounts and also assessing their respective impact .
fourth : with regard to the reform of the commission at the level of procedures and the personnel policy , we distinguish which relates to new admissions and - desirable as regards us - creation of a pre-reform permanent and binding system .
in fact , the current problem is that have given us too .
should that be the case , we would be in real difficulties and ultimately mr wurtz may be good advice .
question no 1 by ( h-0709 / 00 ) :
question no 3 by ( h-0714 / 00 ) :
question no 5 by ( h-0776 / 00 ) :
be certain , finally , that the respect and promotion of human rights are , in any event , an essential element of the cooperation of the union with third countries .
in the port of buenaventura , 20 peasants murdered .
the next speaker is mr de rossa for a procedural motion .
to the extent possible , the debate must be neither academic nor theoretical .
subject : viability of type taxes tobin at european level with regard to the recently released report by the french finance minister , that tobin-type taxes would be unsustainable if they were introduced by a single member state , what measures the french presidency recommends to take to ensure the sustainability of such taxes at european and global levels ?
we know even - and economic reasoning - if there is a broad consensus , a small number of financial markets would have a real interest in a non-cooperative attitude in refusing to apply the tax on the transactions carried out on their territory .
i would like to remind you that among our allies , there are enthusiasts of this tax .
i would just like to repeat what i said , it is that actually the influence of such a tax on the volatility of currency markets has not been demonstrated .
with regard to your question aimed at the council , namely the idea that a study , believe that i will pass on with a lot of sympathy for the president of the &quot; ecofin &quot; council which is also be a minister of the government , which may allow to respond to the concern of mr. harlem désir .
question no 15 by ( h-0729 / 00 ) :
mr president , i thank the minister for his response to the first part of the question , but the answer to the second part , which concerned compensation , do not m &apos; was not satisfied .
i was at a meeting of foreign affairs when came the turn of this issue .
therefore what we wanted to do in this context .
i think that the commission has made bad impression and that the council has further aggravated the situation by reducing , from the beginning of this year , agricultural expenditure by the commission at the council last july .
nevertheless , i would like to point out that six months ago in this house , we exhibitions including one of our political priorities .
some members are not without knowing that my party , ukip , campaigns for the withdrawal of the uk from the european union .
in the medium term we will be able to assess the importance of the decisions that the parliament is beginning to take today &apos; hui .
for the first point , i think that this budget continues to apply the principles of budgetary rigour , budgetary prudence , improving efficiency , more effective control of the budget , better use of resources and the general tightening of expenditures , which are all essential to increase the confidence of citizens in the eu institutions .
it is necessary that parliament , the council and the commission are stronger and more determined to cooperate as closely as possible on issues such as translation , interpretation , libraries and buildings .
major changes for the organization are ongoing and we need a new culture , which emphasizes a desire to assume its responsibilities in the implementation of the different parts of the budget and to accept the consequences in the event of breach of its responsibilities .
now , the commission attaches 1.07 % and the council wants to 1.05 % . but it is the figure of 1.27 , which is the order of the day .
last year in berlin , it was agreed that the provisions for agriculture for the period 2000-2006 would exceed gbp 506 billion , that the 15 member states of the european union would continue to contribute to height d &apos; 1.3 per cent of their gdp to the overall annual budget - which naturally includes measures of financing proposed by the union enlargement european a proposal i and my other colleagues fully support .
this is a political gesture , ladies and gentlemen , a political gesture , madam commissioner , who was not exactly greeted with enthusiasm by the kosovo albanians .
parliament n &apos; a qu &apos; a way to prove that &apos; he respects himself and qu &apos; it respects the feelings of the peoples of our countries : adopt l &apos; amendment which our group has tabled in this regard and reject l &apos; overall budget .
serbia &apos;s political and economic leaders constantly emphasise that they do not have to depend on our assistance , but that they now need this help to answer an emergency short term and they need this help to open up the country , medium and long term , the social market economy and encourage foreign investment that are necessary .
parliament &apos;s strategy should aim first to force the council to find new ways for its new objectives , in order to avoid prosecution of the latter at the expense of the old priorities .
mr president , it seems promising that the council is close to agreement on most of the important points that we will be able to apply budgetary discipline while respecting the priorities set by the parliament majority .
perhaps is it a year of transition , a transition year between the annoying events of the past year and , perhaps , the annoying events of the coming year .
during the council meeting on the budget , which will be held at the end of the month of november , should be , in my opinion , to take an initiative to reduce significantly the rate of progression of heading 1 .
in addition , the maintenance of the level of aid provided for this fiscal year for the social component of coal is vital for the peace of mind of thousands of workers and is quite compatible with the expected total .
we must re-examine this issue .
fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
i ask that the we are given the necessary flexibility to achieve this possibility , to create jobs , to redress the employment and to be able to provide the citizens of ireland from north to work , return to work within a real policy rather than considering other grounds for which they might have wanted to disagree among themselves .
the proposal for a regulation , today &apos; today submitted to the consideration of the parliament enforces these provisions , accepts the community regulations and establishes the european data protection supervisor , thus ensuring guarantees concrete and adapted to this fundamental right .
the free movement assumes that the it effectively fights crime. and the fight against crime can hardly be successful without effective protection of the integrity of the people .
we know the famous case where this control has been exercised .
in addition to the restrictive reading of article 286 , it was nevertheless possible to take article 255 of the treaty as additional legal basis for the enlargement of the scope of this regulation .
mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i should like to congratulate mrs paciotti for his excellent work and say that time is running out in this field , this is also why we have completed this dossier at first reading .
amendments nos 3 and 11 differ from the council text , but they have been the subject of a political agreement between the rapporteur and the council presidency .
the text required further clarification in this sense , perhaps on the occasion of the linguistic revision .
article 299 , paragraph 2 , expresses above all political will , supported on several occasions by the european council and today &apos; hui by our parliament .
mr president , the rapporteur , mrs sudre , did an excellent job by drafting its report on the outermost regions .
most of the section dealing with fisheries actually consists of an amendment to the motion for a resolution submitted to the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism .
for more than ten years , the european commission is sensitive to our problems and our specificities .
the outermost regions bring atlantic , american and african dimensions that enriches this cultural , political and economic diversity which we are rightly proud to europe .
they can become tomorrow , a laboratory that will provide the most beautiful illustration of the effectiveness of its social model .
as you require it , mrs sudre , as representative of the outermost regions , i also request your solidarity for the defence of the interests of the objective 1 regions , so that any reduction of the means cannot be undertaken as long as remain the handicaps they suffer compared with developed european regions .
through him , the outermost regions have received recognition by the eu of a genuine right to be different , the right to a specific and special treatment that fits their unique situation completely different from that of the rest of the territory of the european union .
this is the message i wanted to convey and i should like to reiterate my congratulations to mrs sudre and all members of the various committees that have enabled us to present today &apos; hui this report .
this point of balance , ladies and gentlemen , must be sought first to the case by case .
in agriculture , we are preparing the amendments to the regulations based on the posei programmes .
i think , instead , that these new technologies , internet access and all occupations associated with it , are a chance for the peripheral or outermost regions .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
in fact , i wonder if the regulation should not contain a any provision to that effect .
ladies and gentlemen , we will examine it however in the next office .
this will be done within a seat of modest size managed professional , accessible to the commission and the parliament , even if the site is not for right away .
that is why some 80 actions presented in the white paper are absolutely necessary .
food security is a global concern . we cannot isolate us against products of the united states or developing countries .
it must be independent to the member states , the european institutions , and the food industry .
the body shall bear the name &quot; authority &quot; because in english , and in most other languages , this term gives the idea of a body which , in the process of risk assessment , has power and jurisdiction to use from time to time his judgment , and which is therefore not a simple representative of what others want to do .
in this context , i would like to plead in favour of cheap food products , those that buy families and that eat the children and youth .
secondly , the bowis report clearly indicates that the european food agency is responsible for the analysis of risk .
member states took the measure , as is the case of france , which has created a national food safety agency .
it is this diversity also makes the richness of europe and its quality of life .
exactly what made who for us : working with its regional organisations in a fully integrated way .
- ( de ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the rapporteur , mr bowis , gave an excellent report and i would like in many respects confirm what he said .
we must apply to the field of animal nutrition legislation , directives and more stringent criteria .
i will therefore vote in favour of amendment 16 .
the community is the largest importer and exporter of foodstuffs .
finally , it will be important to see how to reconcile its independence and transparency with , on one side , the uncertainty of the funds that will be allocated and its subordination to the commission , and , on the other , with its power of autonomous initiative and the composition of its board of directors .
however , the establishment of a european food safety authority contributes to some extent to a high level of health protection .
i have tabled an amendment which , in my opinion , is not devoid of significance , contrary to what mr whitehead , who claims that it is superfluous .
in my opinion , that alone will restore the confidence of consumers in a field of policy important both for producers and consumers .
now , the policy will be addressed in a coordinated and integrated manner and it will encompass the entire food chain .
that is why this food authority is necessary and that is why we him place , quite rightly , the necessary attention .
c &apos; is why i am in favour of amendments nos 14 and 19 , the purpose of which is to formulate principles that govern the choice of the place d &apos; implantation .
c &apos; is in my opinion a reasonable attitude .
i would like to emphasise certain points in particular .
mr president , european food chain is one of the safest in the world but bad practices and recent scandals have imposed an agenda to which our commissioner , mr byrne , responded admirably .
we already have a multitude of organizations and institutions , as well as associations and initiatives , whose responsibility it is to ensure food security .
the own responsibility of consumers will always , despite the safety of the products .
probably not , says rightly mr blokland .
the parallel existence - and i stress particularly on it - the authority of food safety and the existing system of advisory committees has no place to be .
i would therefore urge the commissioner , at the time where one will pass to the series of legislative acts , to avoid the possible legislative excesses and red tape , particularly in relation to small and medium-sized enterprises .
i hope that the new proposal will still of attention to these points .
indeed , the food authority is conceived as a centre of scientific excellence at the service of the community in the broadest sense : consumers , institutions and member states .
this is quite normal and i agree with the parliament &apos;s wish to have recourse to articles 95 152 of the treaty .
obviously remains to be done and it is for this reason that we must welcome the commission &apos;s proposal .
in this sense , it must attach great attention to the problem and conduct awareness so that it is not forgotten .
the commission can and must also play a leading role in this area . it should tell us what it proposes to do about it also .
by our question , we would like to encourage the commission to persevere on this path and to strengthen this initiative .
i would also like to highlight the key role played by civil society , by highly motivated non-governmental organizations and , more particularly , by the actors of the international campaign to ban landmines .
we must admit the peculiarity of some countries .
turning specifically to the bonino report , i would briefly like to convey to you the comments of the committee on the very few amendments tabled by parliament that it is very difficult to adopt in their current form .
also looking for greater capacity and ownership at the local level , we must be able to take advantage of the know-how and existing equipment , the place where they are .
we must concentrate our political attention on the real culprits , namely armed groups and irresponsible governments who pay no attention to the civilian population and use anti-personnel mines to indiscriminately to sow terror .
the effectiveness of the use of resources depends on a high level commitment to adequate guidance and responsible management .
i think that yourself and parliament agree on this point .
finally , let me thank mrs bonino .
c &apos; is an aspect to which we must , in my opinion , because , turning to the balkans , l &apos; west and l &apos; union have responsibilities if , because of their political activities , half of the region is a real minefield .
one point on which representatives of ngos addressed criticism in a conversation to me is the confusion of military activities and ngos established in paragraphs 11 and 15 of the resolution .
it is absolutely necessary to prohibit the manufacture of landmines within the european union as well as their export outside the european union .
in my opinion , we must strengthen civil obligations within each organization involved in military activities .
with the titley report which we adopted a few days ago , we do in fact a second supplementary step on issues of foreign policy , defence and common security , which i think qu &apos; so , gradually , it va s &apos; build as a whole for l &apos; union and will take shape with conditions and unique rules .
mr president , one day in december 1992 , a young shepherd in mozambique forgot the danger : he believed excluded with peace .
whatever it is , we will show , all together , our determination to fight against what to call &quot; a war of cowards &quot; .
we cannot put finland in the same bag than developing countries where l &apos; use of mines &apos;s is made to l &apos; blindly , and where the results are accordingly .
finland is itself its defense in a credible way .
it is from this same perspective that moves our efforts all these years when in 98 , the north-south centre of the council of europe , i have the honour of chairing , has awarded its annual prize to mr axworthy , minister for foreign affairs of canada , for his government &apos;s efforts which have been realized in the ottawa convention .
. i can &apos;t resist the pleasure of using language , or rather of neologisms , worthy of those contained in the report , to denounce your recurring e-pocrisie employment and social protection .
as member of the swedish liberal party , we see european integration as an opportunity to solve cross-border problems such as those related to the environment , trade , cross-border traffic , the human rights and treatment of the conflict .
similarly , the requirement that should be a legal basis for ngos , in order to regulate a &quot; civil dialogue &quot; is not acceptable .
it is accurate only on the right to property and freedom of enterprise which are the only class of holders of capital .
those who would like to see parliament &quot; echo &quot; ( revisionist ) claims of the most populous countries are for their expenses .
the biarritz summit had been presented as the vertex decisive for the affirmation of fundamental rights , all rights , including those never imagined before , as if the european communities and states that are party , had lived far into utter chaos .
mr berthu rightly : the idea of a single state with a single constitution completely undermines the national sovereignty of member states .
however , we share the view expressed in the report that the treaties , in their current form , are largely inadequate in terms of simplicity and transparency .
this choice must be free and independent , must not be imposed , which could offend the constitutional practice of each country .
nor for people , because not a line evokes the social content of europe .
the constitution would commit member states on very dangerous ground that could lead to a constitutional court to strip little by little nations of the prerogatives the states intend to continue to exercise .
the principle of the separation of powers and the rule of law
my group is in favour to any attempt to improve .
why it is fervently hoped the success of the summit of nice , the intergovernmental conference so , quite simply , can very quickly go beyond .
mr gil-robles proposes the inclusion of foreign policy and common security .
in reality , the european parliament leads a fight &apos;s delay .
however , in the current state of these provisions , this mechanism is not able to function properly .
the eu needs an institutional equality in the context of the next intergovernmental conference negotiations .
it is not groups of head , but a diversity which , with 30 member states , will not cease to grow .
the party of pensioners and the pensioners who support him familiar these islands because they are vital for tourism .
when our regions of the caribbean , for example , or pacific , are in the areas of tax havens that american multinationals , from kodak to microsoft to boeing or cargill , use to export in massive tax fraud , it is the right to equality of geographic competition which adds to the right to equality of all europeans to require of us a part of the european budget , to which taxes for example lead 17 % of revenue , to be devoted to the development of the economic , socialist and cultural life of our compatriots of the regions which , to be geographically outermost , are central in civilization .
however , in all cases , we subject our aversion to the colonial character of this folder to the interests of the inhabitants of these territories .
however , the case of animal meal that causes a new food crisis , is not eligible .
. the white paper of the committee on food security seems at first steeped in good intentions , since &apos; it offers mainly to create a european food safety agency , responsible for managing a network of &apos; warning , to give independent advice to the managing authorities .
this n &apos; is not at all l &apos; optics of the white paper , which requires that services l &apos; agency and those of the commission work closely , as he says with a certain aplomb , &quot; this will allow l &apos; authority ( l &apos; agency ) to be responsive to the needs of the commission services &quot; ( page 22 ) .
if the &apos; examines the realities that l &apos; recent news is proposing , on s &apos; see for example qu &apos; d &apos; bse , nothing qu &apos; à s &apos; stick to the case of france , c &apos; is the &apos; existence d &apos; a national food safety agency competent and independent who helped the french authorities to take health decisions necessary to protect the population .
in the last days , as you know , attacks were committed against synagogues in several european countries .
indeed , if we not a single proposal for amendment - you know , colleagues know , i already said on many occasions- , it is virtually equivalent to oppose the interinstitutional agreement , because we have exceeded the margin allowed for payments .
the totality of staffing must be included in this line without keeping a reservation ; simultaneously , the appropriations should be increased by eur 300 000 to 1.8 million .
honestly , i find that the trying to mystify the electorate .
section iv , court of justice
i simply propose this small correction , if person does s &apos; opposes .
( parliament adopted the resolution )
it is absurd that nearly half of the total budget of the union is used each year to subsidize the production and export of agricultural products .
we strive to support the european ideals of openness and democracy and resist the pressure of groups that wish to maintain an anti-european monopolistic control .
- ( sv ) the swedish and danish social democrats have voted today &apos; today in favour of the proposal of the parliament on the budget of the eu for the financial year 2001 .
however , we do not want such a revision - and this is a real hypothesis - involves new substantial cuts in the agricultural sector .
considerable sums have already been given to the employers in this sector , allowing it to diversify into juicy new sectors , while many workers - whose employment was removed - still remain unemployed .
we need to impose a european public service of high level , including mobile and internet , responding to the basic needs of employees and users .
the danish social democrats have voted against the report aimed at increasing aid to producers of products processed from fruit and vegetables .
. ( nl ) - for decades , in order to preserve the social peace in the cities , the price of the food basket is maintained artificially low .
now , it is absolutely necessary that the portuguese government will not yield and uncompromising manner to defend specific national interests on each of these points .
i believe that we can only help those states if we improve the living conditions of their inhabitants : youth , workers but also – what keeps me particularly in heart - elderly people and pensioners who live in the acp states .
we are not d &apos; agreement with this measure because , with l &apos; distorted application of the principle of the &apos; polluter-pays &apos; , in any case , the total cost of the emission reduction will be directly paid by consumers , c &apos; is to say workers .
i am afraid that the next conference on climate is diverted from its initial objectives , and that some will plead for a relaxation of the obligation that is were the rich countries reduce their emissions by 5.2 % .
furthermore , the development of nuclear energy and carbon sinks should be excluded from the calculations of the reductions in emissions .
if it turns out that these chemicals multiply the probabilities of certain cancers , reduce fertility or threaten unborn life , we cannot remain arms dangling .
identify and investigate this phenomenon of disruption of the endocrine systems of humans and animals , validate studies , demonstrating causal links between certain products and certain anomalies known in humans or animal species ( decline in fertility , certain birth defects , cancers ... ) is a necessary starting point if it respects the precautionary principle while advancing a requirement for transparency totally absent of the text .
this standardisation process cannot succeed without an effort of coordination .
in addition , the volume and the number of retail payments represent only a negligible percentage compared to the total of the amounts transferred .
in this matter , we had to conclude , on the one hand , the movement of goods was facilitated but also , on the other hand , payments relating to these movements of goods were still slowed by barriers and high costs .
we have deep regret to the european parliament and especially when the work in committee that the proposal of the european central bank was not accepted .
the orientation of consumers to electronic payment methods is essential - the report stresses right to say on this point – and we demand that progress in this area to ensure that interoperable common specificities are needed in the field of e-purse .
they will discourage the consumer to make purchases at an international level .
according to the documents that i have consulted , they occupy a share of 0.2 % to 0.04 % .
quite rightly so . indeed , while the most advanced techniques and the necessary standards are available , banks are praying for more flexible regulation of cross-border transfers of amounts not exceeding eur 50 000 .
exactly like l &apos; said mrs randzio-plath , we cannot order the banks , through political decisions , to lower their rates .
ourselves , mps , but also our employees , do not make international transfers due to too high commissions .
after the european passport , the arrival of the euro will be second proof , in the life of all the days of their membership in the european union .
the report also insists on the statistical data that banks must register for each cross-border payment .
l &apos; agenda is the report ( a5-0267 / 2000 ) by mrs montfort , on behalf of the l &apos; industry , external trade , research and l &apos; energy , on the proposal for a council decision on a multiannual programme for enterprises and l &apos; spirit d &apos; company , 2001-2005 ( com ( 2000 ) 256 - c5-0274 / 2000 - 2000 / 0107 ( cns ) ) .
i hope that the assembly will renew unanimity which was emerging within the committee on industry when it voted in plenary .
we must here distinguish and include areas in order to get a true representation of entrepreneurship policies .
it is in this direction that we have ourselves and myself , present and supported a series of concrete and strong proposals to pass , in the area of smes , speeches to the realities , by giving them access to innovation and electronic commerce , simplifying certain customs formalities , putting an end to certain administrative and regulatory disparities , developing - and this is important - access to venture capital , by also developing euro info centres to boost the role of information and support companies , by reorienting the research and technological development framework programme towards a greater opening in the direction of innovative smes .
the effective implementation of the acquis is a necessity if we want enlargement to be able to benefit everyone , both as member states &apos; accession candidates .
it must promote their action , promote local development from local both material and human resources and their relations with local communities .
mr president , mr commissioner , smes , they offer goods or services , cannot survive on the market only if their order books are full .
the protection of the rights of intellectual property at european level is our third concern , mr president .
we know that our time has become more hectic as a result of the use of the mobile phone , e-mail and the internet , which provides course opportunities .
the explanatory statement speaks of smes , focusing on the fact that it may also well be companies with at least 500 employees and artisans using only two or three people , and that overall they represent more than 99 % of companies in the union .
the multiannual programme , because of its financial constraints , acknowledges the problem simply , in my opinion , and give a positive political signal and an incentive , without being able to provide assistance substantial or , much more , to reverse trends that predominate today &apos; hui in the area of l &apos; economy and that literally crush the small sizes in all areas .
the problem of small and medium-sized enterprises , it is that they do little of many resources have to go to learn , to seek what grants and what aid is available , to carry out administrative tasks that national governments impose more and more .
it must be taken into account in the implementation of the programme but there is not place to mention them separately in the legislative text .
the multiannual programme will seek to improve the modus operandi of small and medium-sized enterprises .
neither the fortification borders , nor police crackdown can stand in the path of those who claim a share of the prosperity which we all benefit .
i find that damage , although what the group has done is not bad because it puts its finger on the real problem and tries to identify appropriate solutions .
to get there , to take action in two different directions .
in recent days , thanks to heaven , positive signals have reached us in the balkans which indirectly involve albania .
it is very painful to recognize that western europe is striving today &apos; hui to implement laws intended to punish those who hide grandchildren anne franck had not .
the construction of school and centres of receptions for children is a priority .
these actions confirm the fact that the goal of the &apos; european union must now be the basis of the structures that ensure respect for democratic rules and which will recognize and respect the rights of minorities in albania .
to do this , it is absolutely essential to develop coordinated repatriation programmes and , above all , to appeal to non-governmental organizations and international organizations .
economic growth to overcome difficulties in the crisis areas .
it s &apos; is there a fact which consciousness must mature in us all .
mr president , the conclusions of the tampere summit sought a strengthening of l &apos; external action of the european union &apos; to achieve the goals of justice and ( d ) internal affairs .
i would like to mention three points of view which the commission attached particular importance .
the legal and internal market commission explicitly calls on the commission to resist the legislative pressure that it condemns itself .
my group wants a strong union which fully assumes the tasks entrusted to it , a union that creates an effective internal market and that you can actually strengthen social and regional cohesion .
i have seen with great pleasure that amendments nos 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 , which are my hand , have been approved by the committee on legal affairs and the internal market .
&quot; the same sound of bell happen me to the island of islay , where the one unworthy of protection project of the colony of seals local by a major international institution , because , in our opinion , the inhabitants have taken better care of the seals over the past 2000 years that will do probably a larger organization in the future . &quot;
it is indeed important to invite them to participate fully in a better application of the principle of subsidiarity .
the second paragraph of l &apos; article 5 of the treaty establishing the european economic community is incomprehensible .
regardless of the reasons that have lead to this error , it is certain that &apos; he is motivated by constant legislation initiatives that emanate from the commission .
in other words , mr president , the principle of subsidiarity is probably the principle that recasts , incorporates and summarizes what &apos; is the european construction , because &apos; it does s &apos; is that the political will finally included in the treaty .
in reality , this review of the existing acquis communautaire is often a very useful exercise to show that it is not always necessary to legislate at community level or that a legislative text is too detailed to be a legislative act of community level .
i hope that we can continue this debate , not as a routine matter on thursday afternoon , but as part of the central debate of all community legislation .
these charges still exist , whether species or on cross-border payments .
his passivity is the best guarantee of the maintenance costs at their current level and the discontent they generate .
faced with this situation and l &apos; imminent &apos; possible commencement of negotiations next monday in brussels , the commission will not give us - i think - much information today , given that the meeting will specifically be - c &apos; is what we hope - from this monday , may 30 .
i do , from the top of this forum and with the weight of the democratic representativeness european we have , an appeal to common sense and the wisdom of the two parties , which take place , 30 , in brussels , a meeting at the highest level - the european commissioner for fisheries and the moroccan fisheries minister , if , as i l &apos; hope its presence announced in brussels is confirmed , as well as technical delegations , with the secretary of state of foreign affairs of morocco , if his coming is also confirmed , with the director general of fishing for l european union head - to talk seriously to find solutions .
mr president , commissioner , tomorrow will be the anniversary of our previous debate here in parliament on the subject of morocco .
i wish the commissioner tact and success and i welcome the moroccan delegation .
l moroccan agriculture enjoys privileged treatment for its exports to l &apos; europe .
there is nothing to add except that fishermen do not understand the situation and that they are extremely disappointed that the negotiations on the agreement with morocco which are lengthy .
mr president , we are in the presence of the third agreement with morocco which interested especially our spanish and portuguese friends who provide the bulk of the fleet , although a few french and some swedish are also affected .
it is actually easier to defend the suburbs than to defend morocco .
it can not hold because &apos; she arrives three days d &apos; a date key for the negotiations , but , due to the proximity of this date precisely key , i think qu &apos; be very careful as to the drafting of this resolution .
we are talking about d &apos; a territory which n &apos; belongs not to morocco but which is administered by morocco .
mr president , this n &apos; is not the first time that the right to fish in moroccan and saharan waters included in l &apos; agenda .
first , it should be noted that the fisheries agreement with morocco is by far the largest of the european union , since it represents more than 30 % of all catches by the community fleet in the waters of third countries .
mr president , commissioner , i will not repeat what has already been said this morning in this house and that is said for almost a year .
l &apos; history shows us that it is precisely the neighbors who have often experienced difficult times between them , and l &apos; idea of &apos; european union is to overcome such problems of neighbourhood .
i think that if we manage to give morocco a european orientation , morocco will also address what is outstanding , and he will discuss with us the issue of natural resources , which are resources , commons , and qu &apos; it n &apos; will give more priority to vessels of third countries .
thank you , commissioner .
it does s &apos; is not language teachers , but d &apos; an example of the way is actually l &apos; europe of the citizens .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the case of the non-italian in italian universities foreign language assistants is well known in the commission and most of the european institutions .
each member state is fully competent to fix the provisions governing its own public service .
what is this injustice ?
mr president , politicians are sometimes given the difficult task d &apos; announce to their voters that despite the sincerity or the undeniable moral merits of grievances , it n &apos; are sometimes no legal recourse .
nobody will contest the italian republic is fully empowered , in 1995 or at any other time , to say &quot; we will n &apos; commit more lettori in l &apos; future , will hire people to a new type of post &quot; .
to date , the european commission does s &apos; is hardly shown willing d &apos; apply the treaties when the number of people involved is reduced .
we defend the internal economic market .
we are again in the middle of an infringement procedure and we hope that the court of justice will deliver its opinion as soon as possible .
that said , i hope that our debate will help to promote an equitable solution for teachers of language in italy .
ladies and gentlemen , as you know , over the last month , four new victims are added to the intolerable list of those which , in spain , were killed in terrorist attacks by eta .
approval of the minutes of the previous meeting
whatever &apos; one wishes to speak to this request for referral back to committee ?
it is therefore that of advance time votes .
mr barón crespo , i would like to be sure you understand .
j &apos; appeal to you all so you know what you sign , if you sign this appeal .
seventy percent of irish lorries , irish carriers must either travelling to the uk , or through the united kingdom to travel to europe .
( a5-0313 / 2000 ) by mr marinho , on behalf of the committee on freedoms and rights of citizens , of the justice and home affairs , on an initiative of the french republic with a view to the adoption of the framework decision of the council concerning the money laundering , the identification , detection , freezing or seizure and confiscation of the instruments and proceeds of crime ( 10232 / 2000 - c5-0393 / 2000 - 2000 / 0814 ( cns ) ) ;
the fight against money laundering is of course one of the main priorities of the union , as it was rightly said last year on the occasion of the tampere summit .
in conclusion , parliament examined carefully and benevolent this portuguese initiative , but we are not satisfied with the limited scope of the revision of the proposed europol convention .
article 6 , it allows the extension of the additional requests for mutual assistance , and through article 7 tax exceptions are no longer acceptable to refuse mutual legal assistance .
it is for these reasons that i support the proposals that have been tabled but i take this opportunity to announce that a lively discussion will soon engage with the council on the common position on the second directive to combat money laundering .
if &quot; european police &quot; receives this gift from heaven with a possible autocontrol , it will work to curb the weakness of democratic control of the european parliament given the current deficiencies in terms of the structure and the lack of unity on the bottom .
i welcome this debate .
this must be done via a majority vote ( we offer the majority of two-thirds ) , and we also want the parliament to be involved in the dismissal of the director , if necessary , by a vote by a majority of two-thirds .
he would enjoy the support of the public and it is necessary for the future .
question : is there a state in europe or a region of the world , the united states , for example , which has already set up l &apos; single judicial space and has effectively preclude the laundering of l &apos; dirty money ? or , could it be qu &apos; in the name of &apos; a real problem , we seek to encourage the d &apos; vital institutions &apos; communitarisation , l-related independence national and popular sovereignty of the member states ?
this report contains a visa on the appeal of geneva against which the ppe group will vote , not because we are opposed to the geneva appeal , but simply because , as a parliament , we must guarantee good legislation .
however , we must not forget to provide europol staff and adequate financial resources so that europol could effectively assume the skills that we transfer him .
this framework decision intends to combat serious crime , which is at the origin of money-laundering , and not against small crimes to the lower criminal implications , which could distort the objective of this framework decision if they were to be considered in this context .
this is where that states shall , through police and judicial cooperation , can intervene more effectively to combat organized crime .
however , to be honest , i believe that this initiative is not the ideal opportunity to adopt decisions in this area .
the table may seem dark , but it is permissible to hope !
the report by mrs gebhardt emphasis on these three points .
the countries members of the european community acceding on the basis of their legislative , executive , and judicial systems , in accordance with the principle of fundamental rights and common values .
also , like mrs palacio , we hope that this judicial cooperation unit will soon cease to be provisional , but , as radical members , we are not willing to renew the experience with europol , when the constitution of unity &apos; drugs &apos; gave rise to the creation of a super-agency in constant evolution and expansion , and escapes to the democratic scrutiny of national parliaments and the european parliament .
it must be based on commons and make assessments subject to broad political support .
without some cooperation , we will not be able to maintain the rule of law in a european union which applies the principle of freedom of movement .
criminals must not have doubt about their supranational nature .
the commission welcomes your report , mrs gebhardt .
and this follow-up work in fact precisely part , anyway , really a little late .
finally , in what regards the sin - which is my workhorse- , i assume that the three parties will endeavour to ensure a positive development in the future .
just to suggest that we need to re-examine the whole procedure , not only with regard to the annual report of the court which will be published tomorrow , but also in relation to the special reports such as this .
i would like to address a few points that are absolutely crucial , in my opinion , for the future work of control of expenditure on research in general .
i would , however , underline that no fraud or misappropriation have been observed .
but i would nevertheless like to emphasize a point , it is that a joint financial responsibility is not possible strictly speaking in the context of the framework programme , which aims to set up consortia composed of different entities , universities , smes , large companies , public or private research institutes .
so the procedure is engaged , but we enter the field of jurisdiction of the member states , and there , we aren &apos;t always masters of the time .
approval of the minutes of the previous meeting
madam president , let me first of all , as a member of salzburg , thanking you for words of consolation and comfort you found yesterday .
i think that , if we want that this charter is the cornerstone of a european constitution , it should be completed in the future .
this is obviously a major political decision and a new opportunity to show the citizens of europe the extent of this initiative .
the charter then is a quite coherent text .
i am sure that the members of the convention who will speak here will be able to confirm this .
well , i heard your rapporteurs wish again that the charter be the preamble to a constitutional treaty and we know that i , for my part , support. but i would remind you , because we are obliged to precision with regard to what is happening today &apos; hui to biarritz , the european council could say that a majority of member states were not prepared to discuss , at least for the moment , the incorporation of this charter into the treaties .
on behalf of our group , i would like to expressly thank not only all the members of my group but also , specifically , ingo friedrich , vice-president of the parliament , which had coordinated our work .
the european union is today &apos; today much more than an economic community .
this is our proposal .
it took several weeks of battle to include the right to strike .
secondly , it fills a gap in the protection of the fundamental rights of persons living in the union .
this is why we believe that the charter is important , as a position of principle , only because it launches debate. a debate which we consider useful for the future but that also still needs to grow , which must take place in parallel to the process of unification .
we can guess , behind the vote on the charter , a program aimed at building the first part of a constitution for what might be called the united states of europe .
however , we want a thriving , prosperous europe , a europe that grows . this is why we wanted to and had to refer to these roots .
this scope , i want to say a word .
combined with the prohibition on discrimination , respect is the foundation on which can rely , subsequently , measures to safeguard the position of minorities .
in life , nothing is perfect and the fact to declare rights but do not defend them effectively is not perfection nor .
it is never too late to do well .
the present charter seems to me to be a bad copy . it creates perplexity under legal profile , for example when it says , in paragraph 2 of article 2 &quot; no one shall be condemned to the death penalty &quot; - here , no problem- , and adds &quot; not executed &quot; .
a note yet in the address by the president of the council : as a former member of a high court , i can assure you that the overlapping jurisdictions of different jurisdictions will very quickly create a divergent jurisprudence and that can therefore be expected to this divergence .
the reference in article 6 makes sense to me and i think that the presidency of the council must take note of mr baron &apos;s .
this is an important message to be issued at the present time , given the fragile political situation in one or the other member state .
this charter of social rights is a step backwards compared to the laws of many member states , and by this set of references precisely , will serve as an instrument for change or minimize .
mr president , the charter emphasizes existing rights , while making historic progress in europe .
mr president , the proposal and approval of the draft charter of fundamental rights should find a consensus broad enough .
attack further notes that trade union rights there are glossed over , and considers that the text , in essence , aims to establish the free movement of capital .
thus , this charter provides additional protection to the most vulnerable citizens of our european society , which is positive .
first , they must include a reference to the charter in article 6 of the eu treaty .
for many years , the opportunity for the european union to accede to the european convention on human rights , as is the case of its member states was discussed .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the charter that we are preparing today &apos; hui to vote with europeanist conviction is certainly a step in the direction of the construction of a political europe in which we firmly believe .
it is important not to destroy the authority of these two instances .
my colleagues in the committee on civil liberties have done me the honour to appoint me as rapporteur on respect for human rights in the union .
the charter included many supporters but also many enemies . we have listened to the criticisms of those who don &apos;t want a political europe .
for some the text was too stringent , or even too advanced compared to some reforms that would dismantle , and for others it would be empty or not sufficiently binding .
i would remind you that the these , for example , which was heard , represents 60 million employees in europe , that several hundred ngos were consulted , that citizens , quite simply , were able to deliver their contribution and that some of their proposals were accepted by the convention .
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
our parliament must , within this forum and during the discussions say very clearly to our turkish partners that they need not fear a any european desire to interfere in their internal affairs , but we offer them a contract being defined more precise , on the occasion of the accession partnership commissioner , and of course the convention on the charter of fundamental rights .
if it had wanted to place conditions , should have been the l &apos; last year l &apos; occasion of the earlier decision .
i believe that the excellent report by mr morillon testifies to the desire that is yours to carry out this process of pre-accession of turkey , while demonstrating a large and legitimate vigilance with regard to the still considerable reforms that this country has yet to commit .
mr president , mr president of the council , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to start by very warmly thanking mm . morillon and mr seppänen for their very constructive and reports advised on the political plan and say that this debate is taking place at a very favourable moment , at a time where we are indeed able to give a turn perhaps decisive contribution to relations between the union european and turkey .
i confirm once again that we must be concerned about compliance with inadequate rights of man and the rights of minorities , that we must be concerned about the role granted to the army by the constitution , that we remain deeply concerned about the situation of the population of kurdish origin and the state of emergency which is retained in the four provinces of the southeast of the country .
on this point also , i largely agree with mr morillon &apos;s report .
given that this special program of 450 million , which the union will guarantee 65 % , specifies that on the basis of a provisioning rate of 9 % , the amount that should be transferred from the reserve to the guarantee fund amounts to eur 26 million , there are budget implications in the event of default of payment because it would appeal to the guarantee .
at a meeting at which i could unfortunately not participate , the majority of my group has decided to support the proposal of amendment 25 .
the morillon report and the accession to the partnership committed the european union to turkey &apos;s candidacy .
that is to say that i propose that the european parliament itself organising a debate on the armenian genocide , the majority will follow and we will extend the debate in turkey .
any other route would benefit those who in the eu and in turkey , don &apos;t want this membership .
mr president , the morillon report is , alone , perfectly developer of the fundamental contradictions of the european approach to turkey .
parentheses , there are a dozen days , the ultranationalist party mhp stated in all solemnity , at its congress , &quot; the superiority of the turkish race .
report ( a5-0279 / 2000 ) by mrs paciotti , on behalf of the committee on freedoms and rights of citizens , of the justice and home affairs , on the proposal for a regulation of the european parliament and of the council on the protection of individuals with regard to the treatment of the personal data by the institutions and bodies of the community and on the free movement of such data ( com ( 1999 ) 337 - c5 - 0149 / 2000 - 1999 / 0153 ( cod ) )
i remember that entrusting this great power of control over databases european to a monocratic body - with all respect and confidence that we owe to the controller - seems to be a moment of inattention to the centrality of the human person which , faced with the power of information technology , must have a framework of rights and freedoms guaranteed .
however , it is necessary to adopt a set of rules governing the protection of data , as institutions deal with not only internal data ( such as data relating to their autonomous activities , their budget and staff reports ) , but data on individuals collected in the performance of tasks of the european union ( for example also grants , surveys on competition cases , public auctions , work and statistical studies or data relating to the preparation and the implementation of legislative texts ) .
the charter of fundamental rights &apos; european union lies far behind the declaration of the rights of l &apos; man of l &apos; united nations or the european convention on human rights &apos; man , but also far behind number of constitutions of countries members of the &apos; european union .
we , the meps of the communist party of greece , are voting against the text which is not only unnecessary but also dangerous .
articles which tend to introduce unproven new obligations .
sos democracy rejects the charter of fundamental rights for three reasons .
this is section 52 to which we feed the most concern. has the rights specified in other parts of the document can be ignored when they come into conflict with the &quot; objectives of general interest recognised by the union &quot; .
and c &apos; is thus qu &apos; it will gradually permeate through jurisprudence , l &apos; together of our national and european rights !
in addition , i would have preferred a charter not only on the &apos; rights &apos; of citizens , but also on the &quot; duties &quot; towards the company .
daily news - shipping or animal meal - we indicates to regulate and control many more markets and economic operators and to oppose the interests of profit and short-term .
an also binary choice , my vote is unambiguous , it approves the progress that constitutes this charter , however very relative progress , both as to content and as to the scope of this text .
between the fact not to prohibit the access to work and the action to enable it , there is more than a shade .
doing so , however , it does not meet the ambition of the eu which is to be a union of peoples and of their citizens .
for the advocates of european federalism , this catalogue of rights is the embryo of a future european constitution , which the national constitutions of the member states will have to accommodate .
from end to end , its development has resulted in a series of shots of strength .
it is the lot of this so that d processes lead to texts that s &apos; necessarily aligned with the lowest common denominator .
the arguments put forward by the european parliament are quite spurious .
in all cases , the fight against money laundering takes place at various levels and we believe not in the need to define penal frameworks for this type of crime at the community level .
however , these practices are clearly going against the interests of humanity and the maintenance of our living environment .
this will constitute an important instrument enabling to bring criminals to justice , everywhere in europe .
all of which , i hope , will not happen with the application of this document .
gebhardt report ( a5-0317 / 2000 )
( the sitting was suspended at 12 h 52 , and resumed at 3 p.m. )
turkey has not evolved as much as had been hoped .
the residual reserve for the guarantee fund is now so low that it might prevent the recourse to the eib , if it were to happen new events requiring financial efforts of this type .
it s &apos; is the first serious step in the process of &apos; turkey &apos;s accession , so that this process comes to the stage of l &apos; practical application .
as long as this will not be the case , i do think that this parliament should act differently .
turkey must acknowledge the truth !
with regard to the armenian genocide , i agree fully , mr president , qu &apos; it must not interfere with l &apos; turkey &apos;s accession .
our rapporteur , mr morillon , deserves our congratulations for having quoted the solution of the cyprus problem among the preconditions for turkey &apos;s accession .
are also positive references to the cyprus issue and the withdrawal of troops &apos; occupation , thus qu &apos; to the need to respect the decisions of the european court , in l &apos; loizidou , for example , to the need to find a political solution to the kurdish problem , the bombing of l &apos; iraq .
it seems to me that it is this balance advocated by mr morillon &apos;s report .
i did not formulate advice or criticism to the address of the parliament and i make .
i thank mr brok for allowing me to make the point on eu mediterranean policy , since we are today &apos; today , you know , on the eve of the holding , in marseille , the fourth conference of the foreign ministers of the euro-mediterranean partnership .
and when we launched the partnership in 1995 , we were also aware to initiate a long-term work .
mr brok mentioned financial resources .
mr president , the fact that the president of the council has already answered the questions that i have not even asked demonstrates his faculties .
we should try to help the people of palestine offer the chance to work for its own development , their own future and the birth of his own state through an agreement with israel on the basis of the security of the state of israel .
in fact , we closed the negotiations with egypt 18 months ago and i now want to proceed quickly to the implementation of the agreement and its full signature in a timely manner .
these next few years , the success of this partnership will be even more important than ever and i hope that , this week , in marseilles , and the following weeks , we will be able to guarantee this company to acquire even more momentum and energy that this has been the case in the past .
there is indeed the dimension bilateral , difficult to negotiate , long to ratify , for the time being dominant , may shape more and more economies of these countries on the basis of their trade with the union , hindering the development of the south-south dimension , also because of the difficulties faced by partner countries to develop links of cooperation between them .
a few days ago , during meetings of the circle of economy of barcelona , the secretary general of the council , mr solana , we said that european external action priorities were , first of all , our neighbours . however , our first neighbours are the mediterranean .
then , we must increase the regional envelope to enable cross-cutting relations , bilateral trade , but also the protection of the environment , the fight against terrorism and drug trafficking , migration and integration , and progress towards human rights , as we have requested .
( the president cut off the floor to l &apos; speaker )
under these conditions , it should be possible to arrive at the extraordinary summit of marseilles , an agreement which does not merely to highlight new lines of division within the eu .
if current trends continue , there are reasons to be pessimistic .
mr president , to return to the conflict in the middle east , less than two months ago , the president of the parliament of israel and that of the palestinian assembly have , in this chamber , united their hands to those of the president of the european parliament to invoke peace and concord . meps there are united himself strongly applauding this gesture .
in marseille , the other summit , brought together members of association of trade unions , political organizations from all sides of the mediterranean. those seeking together , determinedly , answers to the needs of their populations .
the debate is closed .
however , i wish to highlight two major political axes .
concretely , the reduction of their presence to the board of directors of the agency .
it is very important that ngos are involved , but also that they are evidence of a certain coordination if we want their action to be more efficient and that it extends across these regions .
at the same time , to give content and meaning cultural , not in abstract or generic terms but in terms of solidarity , we introduced amendments which have received a favourable response in the committee on industry. in my opinion , these amendments allow to characterize , on the one hand , economic and civil aid and solidarity by the return of areas also affected a reality and a normal life , and secondly , a possibility of cultural and institutional solidarity - i stress this word : institutional - to make these regions feel related to europe , but also on the civilian side , in terms of cultural initiatives .
i also believe that we must avoid duplication of work between the board of directors and the board of management and meetings unnecessary and ritual of their members , while the manager must still take the necessary timely decisions .
in one year , while the kosovo crisis is still fresh in our memories , much progress has been made , and the internal dynamics of several countries ultimately strengthens the role of the international community .
their political fate will depend among other success of the help of the european union .
we thus pursue two objectives : firstly the development of regional cooperation , then the implementation of a genuine policy of rapprochement between these countries and the european union .
we want to be more efficient and faster implementation of the programmes which the commission will delegate it the execution .
he has consolidated his victory , but at the same time , has proved skillful in its relations with other leaders in the region .
they had asked for , at the european council and in the context of the report on the development of the capabilities of managing military and civilian crisis , that rapid financing mechanisms , such as the creation by the commission of a rapid reaction fund , be instituted to allow accelerated activities of eu funding to contribute to operations conducted by other international organizations and european funding where appropriate , the activity of ngos .
the perpetual postponement of the referendum , the observed failure of negotiations in berlin on 28 september 2000 , are of very serious concern and disappointment among the population .
whatever the outcome of the referendum - independence or attachment to morocco - it seems to me that it is the democratic way , and therefore effective , which will finally resolve this conflict .
the transport of nuclear materials in france is carried out in accordance with relevant legislation . these include directive no . 94 / 55 / eec of 21 november 1994 on the approximation of the laws of the member states concerning the transport of dangerous goods by road , and directive no . 96 / 49 / eec of the council of 23 july 1996 on the approximation of the laws of the member states concerning the carriage of dangerous goods by rail which apply to the transport of nuclear materials and fix various technical requirements for vehicles , brands and packaging .
the union also uses all the instruments at its disposal under the partnership and cooperation agreement to contribute to an improvement of relations between the two countries .
the european council in feira in june , asked the council an accelerated implementation of the control measures against clandestine networks laid down in the conclusions of the european council of tampere of october 1999 .
i confirm reading which is made by mr. martin . it is to combat criminal organizations involved in trafficking , and not to return to the texts of tradition allow potential refugees to exercise their right to seek asylum on the territory of the union .
however , the commission remains concerned by these crimes that occur often in intolerable conditions .
not tonight , and there , i come to the answer , because i know the minister and i will get a response from the council .
as the tour of the head of state , the president of the republic , jacques chirac , of course , she will stop in vienna , it &apos;s obvious .
that said , let me say , madam , that i love austria and i love the austrians in general .
can the council therefore say what answer he brings point mr. cem &apos;s letter where it supports that the one cannot associate in the partnership agreement the cyprus problem and eu-turkey relations and that this association would constitute a breach of the conditions laid down in helsinki ?
we are facing a situation about which i would like the minister answer me. any d &apos; first , in conclusions d &apos; helsinki , it is said that the solution of the cyprus issue &apos; is not a prerequisite for l &apos; accession of cyprus .
the agreement will also take account of the need to ensure the sustainable exploitation of resources and the need to contribute to the development of the moroccan fisheries sector .
the agreement proposed by morocco would have a duration of two years instead of five and he wants , furthermore , that the eu continues to pay the 21 billion pesetas it currently pays him .
question no 13 by ( h-0854 / 00 ) :
mr president , it is a point of order : there twenty minutes before the end of the question time , and because there are very few members present , we are not in danger of being late .
as for energy efficiency , the commission presented an action plan during the session of the council of last may .
the objective of the european union concerning cuba , as established in the common position on cuba , adopted by the council on 2 december 1996 , is to encourage a process of peaceful transition to pluralist democracy , respect for the rights of man and fundamental freedoms , as well as a recovery and sustainable improvement in the standard of living of the cuban people .
object : violation of the sovereign rights of greece by turkey turkey has disputed de facto the sovereign rights of greece : it has intercepted greek aircraft involved in the exercise destined glory of l &apos; l &apos; north atlantic , n &apos; treaty organization met nor the d region &apos; flight information ( fir ) greek ten miles or air corridors to l &apos; plumb of limnos and d &apos; icaria , is passed in addition to the opinion of the legal service of the &apos; nato and departed from plans d &apos; fiscal year established by l &apos; allied staff , which led the greek authorities to withdraw their troops .
i do not know if this will appeal to everyone , but it is a fact virtually history which we take good note .
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen a few , who have found the way to this chamber , i would like to first of all warmly congratulate the rapporteurs , and in particular the rapporteur here , for his work and for the very good cooperation .
moreover , we shouldn &apos;t spend our money if the will to achieve the goals is lacking !
i think qu &apos; they form a frame d &apos; political initiatives which need further development , so that we can bring new designs .
member states make grandiose statements of intentions which must , however , be followed by a concrete financial commitment .
these two proposals respond to two key priorities for the union : provide assistance to southeastern europe and provide this aid effectively and as quickly as possible .
the european parliament can be also proud of these results .
to be clear , we can accept on the merits and provided that modifications be made in some cases to their formulation , amendments nos 1 , 2 , 5 , 6 and 7 , the first part of the 11 , the first part of 13 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 , 21 , 24 , the first part of the 28 31 and partially 37 .
thank you very much , commissioner .
they are committed to promote and protect fundamental human rights and to ensure the respect of democracy , the rule of law , equality , justice and the environment .
finally , the leaders agreed to encourage an intensification of interparliamentary contacts , as foreseen in the context of cooperation .
it is positive - i definitely want to emphasise this – that there was agreement on a framework programme for cooperation between asia and europe .
from the point of view of the fellowship program , we find incomprehensible that his secretariat has its headquarters in seoul .
this control must be transferred to a clearly community body to ensure that the common fisheries policy is applicable to all member states and to all vessels and professional regardless of their nationality , thus avoiding any risk of non-compliance with the principle of equality of treatment .
this would involve , first , does not confine itself to respond to actions such as the galapagos agreement and clear his intent to unilaterally expand the jurisdictional waters of four countries , contrary to the minimum standards of international law of the sea or from attempts to arbitrary expulsion of community fleets some of the few who carry with them standards and strict regulations .
the development of the regionalisation of the cfp will be crucial for the implementation of local actions .
we support the regional fisheries organisations , we ask that there is more regional organizations of fishing and that the commission be more weight .
we are in an extremely difficult position , which is to try to find a happy medium .
the commission stands by the conclusion of its communication : with respect to monitoring activities , nafo is an exception to the rule , it may become the rule .
pork meat ( cmo )
the commission is proposing in this connection to incorporate into the cmo a new tool : the regulatory funds .
the last , which ran from mid-1998 at the beginning of the year 2000 , has resulted in a fall in prices of more than 30 % .
pigmeat sector is the only sector to have been able to adapt to present to the market conditions without much interventionism , such as export and private storage aid and must it remain so .
it is a proposal that the americans have already made them also .
this aspect is honest and credible . i would advise my group not to oppose the report .
far from creating an exceptional system with regard to international practice , we approach instead , with this flexible mechanism , and at reasonable cost , prevention and management of crises , of what is practised in certain third countries such as income insurance in force in the united states and canada .
l &apos; future , non-compulsory regulation funds help , in my opinion , to balance the market in pigmeat as they l &apos; made in d &apos; other sectors .
mr president , that there are good in this debate , is that it highlights the common agricultural policy may regulate and what it cannot .
the evolution of market shows us that the pig cycle is still in progress , it is still a reality , and also that difficult times are place to better times .
in particular , we should not forget that , in many countries farmers fatten themselves piglets they produced , and thus have directly access to the compensation fund for the fattening pigs were sold .
the debate is closed .
since the last discharge procedure , the court adopted 24 special reports , that expose the results d &apos; audits involving &apos; focus on a wide range of specific areas in which the financial management of the community is likely d &apos; be improved .
this reflection leads me to make a few comments about the reform of the commission .
the court of auditors posing with reason for very discerning in l &apos; use of l &apos; money from taxpayers. the commission s &apos; based on these high requirements to reform the financial management .
l &apos; focus is obviously on the fact that &apos; it is the duty of the european commission d &apos; avoid formal errors and to fight fraud , d &apos; more qu &apos; one wonders still where the limits lie , and when things get confused .
the report by mrs schreyer was equally interesting .
need to find a solution and i ask the question : can we consider a correction of accounts for 1999 , mrs schreyer ?
told us that it is not possible to calculate them .
once and for all , we could say : &quot; this is the problems and we want to find solutions &quot; .
member states protect themselves , they defraud , they neglect any form of control , and whenever critics rise , heads fall in brussels , that is to say the commission and elsewhere .
i appeal also to the ministers as well as heads of state and government so that they approve the proposal for the establishment of a european public prosecutor in nice .
the present report repeatedly speaks of procedures of management and adequate control , lack of planning , inadequate evaluations , eligibility criteria vague , or even non-existent .
i would like to thank the court of auditors to give its opinion on the reform of the financial regulation , quickly .
however , i believe that the court of auditors did not work well enough to be able to help us in our our task .
the whole process will take time .
this headline is based on a press conference by mr. friedmann and ask you , mr karlsson , why the members of the court of auditors made different statements depending on whether &apos; they s &apos; address to the committee on budgetary control or the press publicly .
i congratulate the commission and commissioner schreyer in particular ; the court has in fact pointed out that many of the changes requested are implemented or are about to be .
finally , while we proceed to all these changes in parliament , perhaps you could mr karlsson , go to the united states to assist in the counting of the votes !
he was asked - as it was still recalled today &apos; hui repeatedly - that the court explicitly cited states in which fraud and irregularities have been discovered .
it &apos;s excellent quality documents , which are launching &quot; a pad in the mare &quot; of the common agricultural policy , which continues to favour big farmers at the expense of the smaller , countries and regions of central europe at the expense of countries and peripheral regions .
i am extremely delighted .
on this point , it is quite clear that the court of first instance brought us his support saying that we had not only the right to mention these names but that also the duty us had .
thank you , mr president karlsson .
another paragraph that the you want to remove has relating to professional secrecy and said that professional secrecy must be subordinated to the effectiveness of control and monitoring of hazardous products services .
as a result , we have made another opinion here and the majority of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market can only advise the plenary to follow including amendments 38 and 41 , which mitigate prohibition d export .
an example : in many sectors , products are assembled by the manufacturer , but delivered in parts to the distributor .
in the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , we voted , under the wise guidance of our rapporteur , a series of amendments that once again my group recommends that block assembly today &apos; hui .
our amendments nos 1 , 8 and 18 relate to this point .
a proposal has been made to remove this amendment with such as recitals the protection of professional secrecy and the fact that producers can self-incrimination .
in addition , the even the services lend themselves less .
mr president , i congratulate the rapporteur for his work , which meets the basic concerns of consumer groups , which should be accepted as valid partners in a constructive dialogue .
d &apos; other sectors , this directive has been extended to d &apos; other fields d &apos; application .
although the revision of the directive be formally provided for by the directive itself , this approach also reflects the will of the commission to strengthen the protection of health and safety of consumers .
this is also extremely important from the point of view of the industry , in order to maintain fair conditions between the different actors , in particular with regard to imported products .
the only novelty is that distributors must retain and provide at the request of the competent authorities , and within the limits of their respective activities , the documentation necessary to determine the origin of the products .
amendment 7 proposes certain changes in references to paragraphs .
it is aspects of civil law , regulated by the directive on the liability of products , which are therefore not to be treated here .
this is not acceptable , since these guidelines generally lack provisions for monitoring markets , reporting systems , etc .
this is not acceptable because it is a major step forward compared to the existing directive .
august 30 , 2000 , at the end of a meeting of the bureau of the presidency , which i was part , and where my case has been discussed by some respondents , in my absence and without my knowledge , mr barón crespo informed me that i was self-deferred group .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
the first question raised by mr katiforis relates the term nato and the second on the correctness of the order of the vote as provided currently .
the mediterranean has always been a particularly sensitive region , marked by political , economic and social problems important .
the question of financing also involves a willingness to succeed , that has not been demonstrated to date .
mr president , despite the progress made in recent years in the european union , in this europe which is the champion of human rights , structural discrimination based on sex continues .
the only reason for its generalization is the race for the benefit of companies .
on the other hand , the draft of a &quot; code of conduct for the media &quot; seems not feasible .
in , i told him : &apos; don &apos;t worry , because there will be the gonzález álvarez report which will precisely deal with the safety of the products &quot; .
let us not forget that this is my labour colleague , mr whitehead , who introduced the amendments proposing to exempt charity shops , and we should congratulate him on his work .
amendment no 14 weakens the governing board to the commission , by providing that its decisions are taken by simple majority .
the enlargement of the scope of the european agency for reconstruction in the territory of the yugoslav federation should have place there long , and should not be linked to internal changes in this country .
the report of the assembly intends to introduce still more aid .
in regard to pig meat , we do not market regulation similar to that which exists for other agricultural products .
it makes no sense to create funds to mitigate the effects of recurrent crises .
this shows how a disaster can trigger another .
european governments do not want to offend the turkish reactionary parties who refuse to abolish the death penalty and trample under foot the rights of women , or the turkish authorities always which repress the kurdish people today &apos; hui , after massacring the armenian people
well therefore measure the importance of the reports of progress made by the european commission .
i voted in favour of this motion for a resolution .
unfortunately , many unresolved conflicts persist always , related to the kurdish realities and armenian , as well as compliance with total civil , even if rights of many advances have been made in this area .
whatever it is , l &apos; gear in place makes his work and we will impose its logic until &apos; at the time where the overhang will be so intolerable that l &apos; one will inevitably lead to a deep crisis and serious in our relations with turkey .
mr president , you know that now , the news spread among the fish that i am defending their cause .
for the rapporteur , the answer is to give the community effectively , resources to ensure direct control of fishing activities .
a number of &apos; between them are not affected by certain fishing regions .
very quickly , a mediation has proved necessary because the council appeared unwilling to accept these amendments .
mr president , i share at least one certainty with the rapporteur , our colleague , mr blokland : incineration is perhaps a source of significant pollution , but it is actually today &apos; hui necessary , given the very low rate of recycling of waste .
primo - and more importantly - it will significantly contribute to the reduction of the emission of dangerous and polluting substances in the incineration of waste - very dangerous for the human health and substances harmful to the environment .
in some countries , the burning of waste , carefully sorted , in small communal plants of production d &apos; electricity and heating is also the best solution from the point of view of l &apos; environment .
in particular , i welcome the commitment to improve public access to information about the incineration plants and of the obligation of their operators to publish an annual report on emissions .
l &apos; action of the portuguese and french presidencies was constructive and the commission deserves a special mention : she contributed decisively to l &apos; getting &apos; a satisfactory final result .
waste incineration is the final stage of the treatment of waste , according to the established hierarchy , and the commission will make serious efforts to reduce and recycle waste , as well as in its approach to integrated product policy .
employment and social policy council adopted unanimously , in luxembourg on october 17 , a european strategy against social exclusion .
but they also proved necessary due to the increasing failure of these national systems of health , taking their public character and their higher cost , but also the limitation of their funding through state budgets , funding has steadily decreased in all states during the 1980s and early 1990s .
that is why , precisely , that it is so important - and this is the most important result of this report in fact - that the commission prepare short-term a green paper on supplementary health insurance .
the debate on insurance in the eu must not lead to an impasse .
according to this conception , the vocation of the complementary health insurance profit market is to take , so increasing and decisive , a complement to the public basic systems function .
these are the same doctors , the same nurses , the same hospital beds and the same resources of public health which appealed that the there is case to ordinary patients or people who pay their care .
my congratulations to the rapporteur michel rocard .
the social insurance for residents part escapes the coordination rules because it is not insurance for workers and it applies only to residents .
we reject this anti-grass roots reform .
health care are funded differently according to the member states and the role of private health insurance also differs .
our young charter of fundamental rights of the union european recognizes and respects through its articles 34 and 35 , the right of access to the benefits of social security and social services and at the same time proclaims that any person who residing and moving legally within the european union , is entitled to benefits from social security and benefits in accordance with community law and the national laws and practices .
funding regime of foresight as well as the pension scheme is at the centre of discussions on social but also budgetary policy in europe .
the restructuring of the systems of social security in several member states also contribute .
green books of today &apos; hui are unwelcome and damaging future legislation .
the commission will immediately launch a study on supplementary health insurance .
i thank you for having understood that by this process we contribute to what the european union found a program in this area , despite its limitations and inadequacies .
a person must also be placed in a situation such that it can acquire a qualification and adapt this qualification .
countries that are not members of the euro area present their convergence programmes , which are to a large extent similar to the stability programmes , the objectives they want to achieve are different .
finally , we consider how national budgets which are presented each year are compatible with more ambitious medium term strategies with regard to public finances .
in the case of finland , the public debt is already significantly inferior to this objective and shrinks in addition on an ongoing basis .
on the one hand , umts licences - as i said previously - allocated to debt reduction , which allows to obtain a public debt that is located almost at the level of 60 % .
inflation is undoubtedly a matter of concern .
i now feel that the formulae currently used in the respective member countries go in three directions .
this action plan is implementing , as the government has set in the requirement , the primacy of public health and transparency .
this meeting allows indeed , at this moment , to compare experiences and approaches on testing programme , on the prohibition of animal meal and other provisions likely to be strengthened at european level .
we have seen a worrying increase in cases of bse detected in france over the past year , in part because of the introduction of random testing .
finally , we must not underestimate the enormous progress made over the past years , the last year in particular , by setting up a framework for combating bse .
the european parliament has always been a strong supporter of these tests , and i count on you to lend your support to the commission &apos;s approach .
a strict application of these controls is therefore necessary , both in terms of public health as financially .
my only concern about the use of animal meal is to know if they have or not a risk in the context of animal feed .
it remains to be seen if the recent events have altered that opinion .
( applause )
i would like , madam president , that this is my last speech on this subject in this house , because we really must put an end to this problem .
in some cases , it is necessary to kill the entire herd , which is a blow to affected farmers .
the grass of our meadows , white clover , vetch - today &apos; hui abandoned by the cap - can provide satisfactory solutions for animal and human food safety .
ad hoc aid such as market support or premium grass are essential .
scientific authorities had clearly indicated that the development of the disease in cattle was not mastered and had stressed the worrying growth in the number of sick animals .
i heard just now random testing .
( applause from the uen group )
even if there is a decision from france , its repercussions extend far beyond french borders .
the health of european consumers must be considered an absolute priority in all decision-making .
a general ban on the use of animal meal in feedingstuffs of all animals , that is to say , also in pigs , poultry and fish , as demanded by some member states and some of my colleagues , is not scientifically justified .
madam president , i would like to ask the commission to be less categorical when she takes position , especially when it makes predictions for the future .
yesterday , the coordinators of the different parts of the committee on agriculture and rural development agreed on the proposal to devote to the fight against bse 600 million eur 1.3 billion reserve that remains of the agriculture budget .
everyone recognizes that bse , originally british presented today &apos; hui as a french crisis , is actually a european disease , a european problem , and that it should be treated accordingly .
we must take precautionary measures now , not only on behalf of those of us who are concerned , but also on behalf of the minority of &quot; sufficient &quot; member states .
and tomorrow , with the banning of meat and bone meal , these are millions of additional hectares of culture oleoproteagineuse that will make us default .
i did a quick calculation of the cost : it is 10 cents per kilo .
it &apos;s an endangering consumers premeditated and it cannot be tolerated .
the parliament vote half the budget to encourage production .
moreover , this regulation is constantly the subject of improvements and adapts to the requirements of europe .
however , our country has learned , over the years , on how to restore order in its affairs .
france comes to prohibit the consumption of rib on the bone and many french regions have withdrawn french beef from their canteens menu .
i believe that we must , today &apos; hui , try , after your discussions , clear strong lines , both on the method on the means to ensure this imperative .
we are talking about public health , so serious events that it is important to treat as such , with rigour and probably with transparency .
i believe that the legislation has been respected , and i do not think being naive , but i do not believe that it is essential to impose a general ban on animal meal in feedingstuffs for pigs and poultry .
mr. martínez participated in the first , and i should like , here , at the disposal of our colleague , his minority opinion which has been made in writing when the first commission , the böge committee .
at a later stage , in the longer term , the objective will be to define a common global asylum system .
on 12 december , the united nations will sign in palermo the global convention on organised crime with a protocol on trafficking humans .
the programme on equality of the sexes for the next five years the commission has submitted revolves around five areas , one relates to violence and human rights. in this area , we expect the cooperation of governments , local authorities and non-governmental organizations , so that , over the next five years , there are programmes in all member states .
we have however also implemented , following the plan of stability and growth , the stability programmes .
externally , it is true that there is a problem - and i &apos;m indirectly answering mr nogueira - that is , we must not forget , that the level of savings in europe is much higher than that of the united states .
during the campaign of sampling , high levels of sulphur dioxide were detected at some hot spots of the city .
questions 25 and 28 will receive written answers .
( the sitting was suspended at 7.30 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m. )
after the mass unemployment of the 80-90s , the exclusion may become the new evil which will gnaw away at europe over the next decade .
so we will have a base of most common understanding , because it is not easy to define the concept of social exclusion .
it would be useful to use a portion of the increase in funding called for in this report to finance comparative studies on how these elements could be managed .
for my part , i think that poverty and exclusion are secreted by our company , and that we are collectively responsible .
in order to achieve economic and social cohesion desired , we need , in addition to a level of high employment , a high level of social protection .
the fact is that social exclusion is a brake on economic growth while a society based on inclusion promotes the growth and well-being of everyone .
naturally , the management of the labour market policy is part of this fight .
mr president , i congratulate the rapporteur on her excellent contribution to the identification of the causes and the dimension of poverty , adapted to a social reality whose cruelty is not diluted in a concept as vast and abstract than that of social exclusion .
the proposed action programme has a legal basis , article 137 of the treaty of amsterdam , and the lisbon council told us a new mandate .
but i agree that the term &apos; poverty &apos; is politically very strong a word and i agree to be associated , where possible , to &quot; social exclusion &quot; in the text of the proposal .
finally , i would like to address your concerns regarding the involvement of different actors and institutions in the implementation of this programme .
the proposal for a directive is a logical consequence of the strategy of the european union aimed at doubling the share of renewable energies in the consumption of energy by 2010 .
in this regard , member states have the possibility of calculating the exact amount of their respective contributions to the achievement of the objectives of the union based on the principle of burden-sharing , and i would say also in this field of the sharing of opportunities .
it is a summit that intends to curb climate change and where the kyoto protocol will pass its test of fire .
renewables are by far the most important source of energy currently used in the world .
however , these subsidies must in my opinion remain reasonable and n &apos; be allocated only for a specific period .
that is , being political , making it possible to a competition between the two instruments by protecting guaranteed prices and harmonising everything certificate .
c &apos; is the reason for which j &apos; have tabled an amendment to apply to l &apos; d &apos; emission &apos; standards strict l waste incineration annex 5 of the revised directive .
many of us believe that energy from waste should be included .
in my opinion , the promotion of renewables must &apos; accompany d &apos; a modern programme d &apos; economies d &apos; energy , because this dependence is also beginning to represent for us a security risk .
similarly , i wish to inform the commissioner that ireland will , in the very short term , be competitive in wind energy .
the debate on renewable energies should not turn into a populist campaign against &apos; nuclear power .
l &apos; commitment of authorities is indispensable if we are to receive funding for all everyone .
renewable energies are not exception .
this is what we do at european level .
mr president , i would firstly like to congratulate mrs rothe for the splendid work she has done and all the members who have spoken and who have in addition amended repeatedly included text that was proposed to the parliament and the council .
the commission rejects this part of amendment no 27 and amendments nos 11 , 54 , 55 , 61 and 57 relating thereto .
with regard to the principles on which the future harmonised support scheme should be based , the commission can accept parts of amendments nos 37 and 38 which stipulate that this regime must take account of environmental objectives of the treaty , of the experience gained from support schemes which have proved that they were effective and positive , as well as geographic data .
the war widows are forced to raise children on their own , to deal with the elderly only .
local participation in the process of building peace and reconciliation is important .
there are instead of acting preemptively against this kind of situation by offering women in the refugee camps , special protection through the division of the camps .
finally , mr president , i would like to express my disappointment about the manoeuvres deployed in l &apos; shade that have d &apos; weaken paragraph 12 concerning the rights and freedom of choice of women victims of rape and war situations .
let us be practical .
we cannot allow this to continue because the rights , priorities and interests of women are too often ignored in the peace negotiations. and because in the rare cases where women occupy decision-making positions in these areas , they are extremely effective .
j &apos; have personally identified some priorities .
i am convinced that if women , palestinian and israeli , had their say and their role in the peace process , a fair and lasting solution could be found , in all likelihood , to the palestinian question , and we would not face the current crisis , which is the result of seven years of fruitless negotiations .
mr president , mrs theorin &apos;s report contains many bizarre elements , and it seems to me that we should not give the impression that the armed forces are a kind of social service and that their main concern is to be politically correct .
mr president , tell me that the council currently represents , or the high representative for the cfsp .
create oppositions between the sexes , as it is applied this evening in this house , in my opinion is an approach that is neither peaceful nor constructive .
mr president , it is certain that we are in a phase where gender , participation of women , begin to make their appearance in different programs , when they do not become the rule .
so , i think that these two ways come into consideration for a universal study of the issue and examine the attempts in some countries .
in some cases , they are exploited and abused .
i &apos;ll review some of the objections .
it is also argued that this would create a class at a discount on the labour market .
in austria , and especially in my region , is applied for three years a project funded by the eu , through which advice for women is very successfully as an intermediary for domestic helps .
now that the dark pages of the last decade are rotated , your presence before this house reflects our common desire to see yugoslavia recover very quickly its full place in the european family .
but , today &apos; hui , after startle policy decisive 24 september or the still more decisive on 5 october , yugoslav foreign policy has set an objective , the adoption of a global approach to the group of nations that make up the european union , followed by accession .
the most important to accomplish now task is the establishment of a network of democratic internal relations in the federal republic of yugoslavia .
a common democratic state allows muslims and albanians in montenegro and serbia to live in the same state and allows us to join forces to build our common egalitarian state .
thank you very much , mr president , of this intervention which , as you can see , has impressed our assembly .
mr president , on page 27 of the annex to the minutes , it takes note of my vote in favour of amendment no 20 of the morillon report .
my goal throughout the drafting of this report was to put forward a proposal that is politically mature , eminently reasonable and practical , both for the institutions and the citizen .
another important amendment is that on the proposal to include in the regulation not only the council , the commission and the parliament but also all external instances .
c &apos; is also a very good thing that the institutions are imposing , or rather that l &apos; given the opportunity to communicate documents to persons inhabiting n &apos; not on the territory of the &apos; european union or who are not citizens of l &apos; european union .
this is why the text of mr cashman is not any report .
unfortunately , the wish that had some to prevent all eventualities and to provide the most comprehensive regulation and the widest possible was probably stronger .
mr president , many intelligent things were said about the context of this report .
mr president , the cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on the bureaucracy .
this is a point on which parliament took position favorably , and on which he will certainly give emphasis , because it is important .
it must now , in our negotiations with the council and the commission , for us to point a proposal and that we reach a result .
according to what told it this legislation on public access to documents has barely been discussed in the college and there was regarded as an essentially administrative matter so far .
it is the rights of the citizens we serve this time .
we , the members of the bonino list , we consider , at the same time , that the should not fall into the opposite excess in imposing a hyper-reglementation which would introduce an indiscriminate access to information or opinions which have no intelligence value .
this point of regulation opens the door to arbitrariness .
they say one thing , but it is another .
the stakes are judicial security , administration and efficient democratic operating mode .
this is an aspect to which we have to keep , especially as parliament .
we certainly need a new era of information and a great opportunity is offered to us , to us parliamentarians , to show our true face .
in fact , it is important for the security itself that citizens have the opportunity to assess their confidence in european defence based on facts and documents .
j &apos; conclude that the board erred , in july , serious stating that all military documents were strictly confidential .
the fundamental principle is the opening , but it must be reconciled with the safeguarding of the public interest and respect for certain rights which deserve special protection .
compel the institutions to disseminate these internal notes could produce , in many cases , as some confusion among citizens .
at this stage of the legislative procedure , it is premature to adopt a position on the advisability of a direct relationship between the classification and access to documents , as proposed in amendment no 29 , or of the inclusion in the regulation of standards for this purpose .
mr cashman is right when he says that this is not the commission to tell the political groups what position they take here in plenary .
i would like to stress the key role played by the parliamentary commission joint eu - malta in ongoing negotiations for l &apos; l joining &apos; eu of the republic of malta .
we do however not give banks the right to determine themselves their capital requirements but , in practice , we would be very close to do if we do not keep an it attentive on their internal systems .
( pt ) mr president , i would like to report to the plenary that the amendments contained in the name of gue / ngl , i present as rapporteur , are derived from conversations with the council and the commission , and also benefit from the support of the coordinators of the political groups represented in the committee on employment and social affairs .
it s &apos; is here very important legislation and it s &apos; is also here important articles .
( applause from the ppe - de )
mr president , unlike mrs theorin , i do not want to suggest that we move the votes and debates at the discretion of the conveniences of my personal agenda .
i am one of the parliamentarians who are rather honorably present .
i voted against the slaughter of entire herds because i do not believe that this is the best way to eradicate bse .
to take measures at european level ;
second lesson. quality agriculture , ensuring food independence , will not be able to survive in europe in a context of global free trade .
the union as a whole must mobilize because it would not be acceptable that a country should take drastic action and put its economy in danger , while others would continue to pursue their activities normally .
the cap has always promoted the intensification of production or the progressive &quot; verticalisation &quot; of production and the concentration of the earth , to basically serve the interests of the food industry and large food multinationals .
it is also an attitude of distrust towards the european union which , in their eyes , is not able to guarantee the safety of food products entering the market .
i would like to recall the decisive role played by our group uen for qu &apos; it could take place , as well as very consistent resolution that we tabled .
blokland report ( a5-0321 / 2000 )
still , the parliament insisted successfully on another point : facilities where radioactive waste is incinerated must be expressly excluded from the scope of the directive .
i am absolutely convinced that , in ninety-nine percent of the cases , it is the governments of our 15 states that bear the responsibility of social exclusion and poverty .
but , unfortunately , good intentions do not a policy , not of denunciation .
too many of our fellow citizens are left by the wayside .
europe cannot be economically strong only if it is socially just , we can only welcome this progress .
it would be more effective to combat exclusion , for example create a guaranteed european minimum wage .
with a new , radical approach , i firmly believe we can not only pass this critical time cape , but also reach our final target and , one day , eradicate fully the poverty and social exclusion in the northwest .
i think the frigid nights and cold days of winter in europe , both in the north than in the south , where many elderly people , due to lack of financial means , are unfortunately forced to turn off their heating to make savings .
. i am of course in favour of the active promotion of renewable energies .
i therefore thank mrs rothe for the quality of his report .
this is especially true for people who do not have the means and which , as such , have to first concern to ensure that their household expenses remain as low as possible .
the agenda is the debate on topical and urgent and of major importance .
we disagree only on item 5 of this resolution , but this is not a critical divergence . it seems to us that in approving this point parliament adopted an excessively paternalistic attitude .
we believe , not only now , but since the creation of the parlacen , that of some seek to diminish his skills , to weaken its presence , because a parliament is always annoying , but i believe that the vocation of parlacen , in the same way as ours or that of other parliaments , is to be beneficial for the people it represents even if it is inconvenient for the established powers .
it is one of the issues which , obviously , an almost unanimous feeling , not only in this house but also among many members who due to their origin , observe with great sympathy the process of collaboration and consolidation of the institutions of countries that we consider ours .
in our cooperation with the region , we have paid special attention to all the institutions that can support regional integration , the general secretariat of the system for integration of central america , the court of justice and , more particularly , the parlacen , which is one of our priority objectives .
this is why our concern and sadness were very large when we attended the slow sinking political , economic and human of this country , orchestrated by the military junta of general gueï .
in the current bankruptcy of the ivorian model , responsibility for westerners is obvious and overwhelming .
leaders have today &apos; hui d &apos; a new chance and so let them grab it .
the european union must also ensure that none of its members founded , with its former colonies - and i stress well on it - based relationships only on economic interests or geostrategic locations .
when watara supporters went down into the street to demand new elections , their protests were violently repressed .
the european union has a duty and stated its intention to contribute to conduct peaceful , fair , free and transparent elections which will be held in december and the local elections which will be held in january .
mr president , the european union has recently denounced in various statements , the excesses of the regime of general gueï and also deplored the direct exclusion of the main opposition candidates from the elections of 22 october , exclusion which has limited , in large part , the credibility of the electoral process .
( b5-0861 / 2000 ) by mr vinci and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl .
mr president , during the october session commissioner patten said , while responding to a question about burma , that if things deteriorated in this country , the holding of the meeting between the eu and asean , on 11 and 12 december , would be called into question .
in fact , as already noted , the situation in burma is being worse . it is incredible that a democratic leader as important as aung san suu kyi continues to be the subject of persecution and that the democratic league cannot perform duties normally to restore democracy , and even more so when this country continues to benefit from economic investments that benefit , specifically , the lack of freedom , the absence of trade union rights .
i know that we know drumming at the door of this deadly and vicious regime brings him a little comfort and i hope very much that the suggestions made by mr deva and mrs kinnock will be accepted and respected by the commission .
viet-nam
c &apos; is one of our partners. c &apos; is why we can not continue to remain silent on the situation that prevails there .
we have adopted this resolution and we had occasion to note that it had prompted a few minor improvements .
israel is , in this regard , one of the clearest examples of world history , which shows that things are not so simple .
consider also the negation of the recommendations of the special rapporteur of the united states concerning the &apos; religious intolerance. consider the &apos; absence of free expression of l &apos; opinion and existing media censorship .
the commission fully shares the concerns of meps and rallied strongly to the numerous criticisms expressed , today &apos; hui , on the manner in which the military regime has a habit of flouting all principles contained in the universal declaration of human rights .
i fully share the concern of some members about the problems that they have described . although some 23 000 people have already been released under general amnesties , we continue to worry about the people who remain detained for their political or religious views .
the vote will take place at 17 : 30 .
the eu has a unique opportunity to ask a pioneer in these changes and promoting a sustainable society , where we should most cope with floods partly due to our own inability to deal with the consequences of our actions .
the commission must make haste to use its energy and its funds in order to ensure that those affected by the floods in the most affected regions are helped immediately , and that through instruments such as the erdf and the eaggf , guarantee section .
given proportions absolutely exceptional disaster , the request contained in the resolution that we submitted together in other groups is perfectly justified , although there has already been recently - october 26 - a debate in this house on these issues and that a resolution of the parliament has also adopted on that occasion .
as you know , we face a fundamental problem : the legal basis for action .
the agenda called the vote on topical and urgent and of major importance .
mr president , i me am very concerned about this issue and have participated in many debates on the subject both in the committee on employment and social affairs and economic and monetary committee .
j &apos; have understood that this addition can rely on l &apos; approval of the other groups .
we believe that l &apos; goal should be to strengthen both the system of public health that the system of social protection , and ensure a substantive content to the concept of universal service through the delivery medical and measures for the prevention of high quality to every citizen , assistance in paying particular attention to the inhabitants of isolated or island areas , within the framework d &apos; a public system unique d &apos; health and social insurance .
however , i would like to especially highlight the fact that all other health protection measures are not within the competence of the union european , but member states and health-care systems continue to be the exclusive competence of the member states .
the rest of this qu &apos; it offers is to heal the wounds caused by this choice .
at least , the majority of my group voted against and we have also ensured that the vote on the report did not take place during the last plenary , but be postponed until today &apos; hui .
this means that if we manage to conclude our work at first reading with the council and with the assistance of the commission , we can of course do so , but we do not give the outset our rights .
but finally , admit , agree that the arbitrator is not sold to the opponent and accept the idea that the texts of the commission and the rapporteur respond to a real and growing problem in the words , and that the simultaneity of these thoughts with those of the basel committee is the opportunity of a development .
however , these are the small businesses that create most new jobs and maintain most of the existing jobs .
that is why it is important to not dissociate themselves from what is happening in basel , although it is obvious that we have a clean legislative procedure .
the way in which we have to maintain the current institutional balance is , for us , a fundamental point in this process .
the assembly may wish to forgive me , as night falls on the end of parliamentary sitting , if i let myself go to draw my inspiration from a certain well melancholy me .
the public must have full confidence in the person of the mediator and be sure that it is impartial in its investigations .
i would like to thank mrs almeida garrett for her commitment to this important matter .
in the past , the ombudsman , which we have just discussed , has received several complaints about the lack of transparency when hiring and it &apos;s a very serious problem , because we fully agree with the ombudsman that a recruitment process is very often the first contact between young citizens and citizens of the union with the institutions european .
if there are inconsistencies , the candidate must have the right to report them .
we must not contribute to freeze devices that can apply to institutions as diverse as the commission or the court of justice .
the petitions committee takes note that the european commission informed the ombudsman qu &apos; it was implementing the recommendation since 1 july 2000 .
they are clear , synthetic and pragmatic amendments , which represent a real reform , that is to say the only reform worthy of the name that the european institutions should adopt recruitment procedure .
a selection process transparent and without recourse to confidentiality or secrecy is the brand of democracy that has confidence in it .
for example , it already allows candidates to carry the review questionnaires , the general evaluation criteria be disclosed to applicants who so request , that the list of successful candidates or the composition of the selection board are published in the official journal , in the case of competitions , and on the commission &apos;s web site , in the case of internal or restricted competition .
a few months ago president prodi stated that this option would be provided for all competitions from july 2000 .
we are at the moment with the approval of the minutes .
( applause )
d &apos; agreement , so for a weighting coefficient higher - for example 10 % - but that is absolutely fixed in all cases and all circumstances .
my opinion is that we can be proud of , as the european parliament , d &apos; have put l &apos; idea &apos; a european college of police on track .
we know that some member states still support the establishment of the college as a simple permanent network of national institutes , but we assume that the majority accepts this proposal as a step towards the establishment of a strong institution within a maximum period of three years .
the dutch word politieacademie reminds me of an american series of comic television on the police .
let &apos;s , if we have a police college , that he either , says mr posselt &apos;s report , based on the need to develop and promote respect for the rights of human and civil rights in the culture of our police .
as long as this aspect n &apos; has not been clarified , i must frankly confess to you that i can not even approve the principle .
i note that the rapporteur wants to change the term &apos; senior officials of the departments responsible for the application of the law &quot; in &quot; senior officials of the departments responsible for the application of the act with police assignments &apos; , which is probably a good idea .
for me who come from a different political environment , it is very interesting to hear him repeat , with the same hysteria , the same concerns .
you could call it the sweet police , but she managed to heal the wounds of a civil war and make credible the idea of law and order .
i prefer a police formed and organized on a small scale , constantly fed by signals from the society in which it must operate .
the commission is prepared to fulfill this mission , if it is decided so .
it is particularly important to emphasise that the european police college , including l &apos; entry in function is scheduled january 1 , 2001 , is not a simple network of national institutes for the training of the police of the countries members of the &apos; eu , but qu &apos; it also implies the d candidate countries &apos; central and eastern europe .
d &apos; after what &apos; i am told , is the way that is taking europol if it does not quickly correct its trajectory .
there are constitutional problems in some member states , especially in germany and austria .
it is a fact that l &apos; europe without borders has contributed to l &apos; increase in the number of marriages between persons of different nationality , from both l &apos; european union and third countries .
d &apos; other separate unfortunately because d &apos; an accumulated rancor .
but if it is true that it is a big step forward from this point of view , it is no less true that i share the opinion of mrs banotti and other members who regret that its scope is limited to the protection of the children of marriages recognized as such by the law .
can i ask you to clarify your point of view regarding article 17 ?
with regard to proposals submitted by certain large federations with regard to certain sporting terms , which occur for a protocol allowing them to escape to the basic rules of the treaty , including those relating to the free movement and competition , it is noted that this exemption , as defined would be manifestly disproportionate to the objectives to be achieved .
the eu must not shrug our shoulders and say nevermind if the prohibition of the transfer system does cause irreparable damage to football .
i would like to qu &apos; before l &apos; on gives new powers to the commission , it should make use of those before it .
provided that the details of its application with the appropriate rules , such a measure seems to be consistent with current community law which aims to remove the distortion of competition by establishing fair mechanisms for charging infrastructure costs to hauliers and harmonize systems of levies in the eu of .
would perhaps benefit at this time to say simply that the british government has really proposed , and also what he proposes , bearing in mind the crisis in the sector of road transport in england and in all other countries of the european union .
when an important proposal of this type is put forward , we , members of this assembly , should have the opportunity to think and discuss as soon as possible , not necessarily for the last time .
welfare is therefore required .
regarding your first point , mr miller , this proposal has been suggested to the assembly by the president and it is the assembly which gave its agreement to the amendment to the agenda of today &apos; hui .
i agree on the fact that irish trucks are a special case .
i express my deepest sympathy to his family , to his family , to his friends , to all those who , in spain , believe in the power of democracy .
i note , mr dell &apos; alba .
to not allow that the mandate of the buenos aires action plan , valid until the cop6 conference , expires without result or suite , the parties decided to suspend cop6 and resume the conference in may 2001 .
besides the pursuit of coordination within the european union , should intensify contacts with other parties .
many countries , and in particular the environmental groups saw this as a huge loophole .
the fact that the output for the quieter of mr prescott was followed by new proposals of the americans who were approaching the position of the union shows that the french presidency had reason to stand firm .
and if the clean development mechanism work , they will receive between five and twenty-five additional $ billion annually .
then , china needs to stabilize its emissions and india will be able to reach higher rates of emissions twice .
the usa are the biggest polluters per capita .
the committee on the environment of this parliament has , in the past , occupied first to address the problem of climate change .
but i wouldn &apos;t fall into quarrels of people and avoid this kind of completely negative discussion .
kyoto must not be an empty promise of meaning .
on the other hand , i think that those among companies and actors of economic life , are considering this problem in a serious manner , and who would have loved that they be provided with rules of the game , are also losers .
to speak clearly at the time of the balance sheets , we say among the three parties , only the european union came to an agreement and a comprehensive climate change policy .
of course need us some clear operational rules to govern the trade in emission rights market , which will reach a value of $ 12 billion .
ministers know that they cannot escape from this immense task that is the fight against climate change ; it was also clear at the meeting of the hague .
the president of the republic will itself come to introduce the achievements of the presidency on 12 december .
the fifteen are now close d &apos; agreement on l &apos; relaxation of reinforced cooperation .
on the other hand , l &apos; idea &apos; a reference to the charter of fundamental rights in l &apos; article 6 , defended by the european parliament in its recommendation of november 14 and we have also , as the presidency , put on the table of the igc , was vigorously rejected by several member states .
we will have thus fulfilled the mandate given by the cologne european council and l &apos; union will have d &apos; a very strong reference , marking clearly the rights and values in which it believes .
finally the nice european council will illustrate the priority that the french presidency attaches to economic and social issues and all topics on which l &apos; union can effectively respond to the concerns of europeans .
in addition , based on the conclusions of feira , calling for implementing d &apos; plan d &apos; action e-europe for a company of l &apos; information accessible to all , the council has worked to indicators of progress .
this debate has many aspects , and i will quickly mention three of them : firstly , the need to close the intergovernmental conference by the adoption of a treaty that really adds value. then , the aspect of our security policy that deals with the management of crises ; finally , the need to stake the way beyond nice .
there is much to be done before we have a suitable solution .
we therefore need a re-weighting of votes on the basis of which a majority of states , which would not represent the majority of the population , can not decide ; it is necessary that here a clear democratic principle prevails .
i quite agree with president prodi that we have a historic opportunity that we cannot miss .
my group , at this stage , would prefer a reweighting of votes , the double majority , but you explained that other points are under discussion .
our group strongly supports l &apos; idea &apos; a constitutionalisation of the treaties , which implies that the reform of the treaties be carried transparently and with the participation of civil society .
the strengthening of democracy inevitably involves an extension of the right of codecision of the european parliament .
not tomorrow , again with a new multilateral agreement on l &apos; investment or new agricultural negotiations after seattle .
domestic politics and the justice policy will be making the majority from 2004 .
mr president , nothing that the title of this item of the agenda already discusses the importance of article 133 in the debate on the extension of qualified majority voting .
it is particularly sad to find themselves in a situation where big and small countries are drawn against the other .
everyone should go a long way if the &apos; we actually want that qualified majority voting be unlocked to allow l &apos; union d &apos; welcome new countries in its midst .
the parliament has also proved that he was a serious partner in the preparation of the charter , and it is particularly heartening that prime minister blair publicly recognized .
if the nice summit decided , for example , that the candidate countries could participate in the next european elections , this could put pressure on the eu to make enlargement a reality .
i renounce these 40 areas , if we extend the vote by qualified majority to five fields it will make essential and that is trade , social policy , law , home affairs , structural policy or taxation , to mention only the most important .
we are today &apos; today on the eve of the conclusion , progress and the partial results obtained have not escaped us , but we must be frank : in almost ten months of conference intergovernmental on these critical issues , the opinion have are not closer , mr védrine , agreements , was not found not to mention the fact that some of the issues cited by the parliament in its resolution of 13 april did even not discussed , whether it is the management of the economy or the institutional implications of the common defence .
governments have lost sight of the urgency of the reforms because they are blinded by their own weight in the new balance of power .
mr president , i would remind the council and the commission , and parliament , &apos; better lawmaking &apos; resolution that we have adopted on 26 october course .
i think that all stakeholders are concerned about the outcome of the european council in nice .
finally , not only the charter of rights fundamental n &apos; is not inserted until &apos; here in the text of the treaty , but it n &apos; is not accepted d &apos; refer to l &apos; article 6 .
if i do not intend to oppose the aspirations and , in fact , the rights of some of those countries wishing to join the community in 2002 , it would be , i think , in their own interest or in the interest of the member states , to reach this stage without the we would first guarantee an orderly transition causing a minimum of distortion on the economies of the current member states .
each will have to sacrifice some of its exceptions cherished if we are to achieve a result in nice .
we know that a definitive solution must be found for the european elections of 2009 ; that is to say for the legislature , which will ultimately run until 2014 .
i am d &apos; felt &apos; nice should at least accept the compromise qu &apos; in this parliament we are calling for , namely the combination of the charter with l &apos; article 6 , paragraph 2 .
public opinion , either within the eu or in the candidate countries will not accept the prospect of leftovers from nice or a second igc in 2004 .
the european parliament will condemn any tripping .
if we consider now , mr president-in-office of the council , the french presidency plays a crucial role at this level , we must also note that in a few days of the summit , we are still at a standstill .
apart from the general balance of the next igc , a small detail that has unfortunately important , worry .
despite this , i should point out , even though this exercise is very useful , since &apos; it arouses much d &apos; questions relevant and suggestions , i find the tone d &apos; together too negative .
we are doing our best , if i may say .
they accept the principle , he accepted the perspective , but they have legitimate democratic interests to defend , and they consider that the conditions are not yet met .
that is why it is so important to strengthen the community method , the value of the european institutions - council , parliament and commission - and the way they work together in nice .
such a way of proceeding violates the rules of this parliament , constitutes a blatant lack of courtesy respect a prominent host and could have very serious consequences .
i will pass on the name to the president and ask him to investigate and to take the measures required in order to avoid that the found yet in our parliament of such people , disturb and threaten with the help of meps !
almost the same day , an important figure in the cypriot parliament , who has d &apos; elsewhere already visited the european parliament , mr christou , s &apos; denied the turkish visa then qu &apos; he went , imagine , at a tripartite meeting in istanbul between turks , greeks and cypriots , c &apos; is to say a very peaceful approach .
this is evidence that verbal violence leads to physical violence .
in 1966 , ernest lluch , his brother , and myself have been excluded , with about sixty members of teaching staff , the university of barcelona by the francoist regime .
mr gorostiaga , you are a disgrace to this parliament .
a5-0339 / 2000 by mrs lalumière , on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , the rights of man , the common security and defence policy , on the establishment of a common european policy on security and defence after cologne and helsinki &amp; # 91 ; 2000 / 2005 ( ini ) &amp; # 93 ; ;
even commitment orders fall within national jurisdiction , because each country decides sovereignly to participate or not participate in a military intervention .
first , a brief note on a critical issue is relations of the new european policy with l &apos; nato .
similarly , it is to clarify the status of the high representative with regard to the existing triangle and the commissioner in charge of external relations .
then , the permanent arrangements with third states and with l &apos; nato .
three common strategies have been adopted since the month of may 1999 , on russia , on l &apos; ukraine , on the mediterranean sea .
there was also a eu ukraine summit on september 15 , and the political dialogue fruitful s &apos; now spread to questions d &apos; exporting &apos; conventional arms , security and disarmament , subject highlighted by l &apos; osce as being a problem with this country .
i would not conclude that summary reminiscent of l &apos; action of the &apos; union on that l &apos; is called today &apos; hui global or horizontal issues including rights of l &apos; man , where we must still work to the coherence of european policy in international fora , and greater involvement of civil society .
i am happy to continue this approach in exposing today &apos; today the results of our conference d &apos; on 20 november capabilities commitment .
these contributions allow so on a quantitative level , to fully respond to l &apos; headline goal defined by the council .
d &apos; here in 2003 , when the established bodies will be able d &apos; assume their functions , l &apos; european union will be gradually capable d &apos; accomplish some of the petersberg missions .
we all know that the genesis of the european union and the main objective of the founding fathers was to prevent europe tearing into a new civil war .
it is necessary to continue the strengthening of coherence and effectiveness in all pillars of the external activities of the european union .
once again , i refer to my country &apos;s media , which sometimes tend to not be very objective and balanced , and which seem to experience some difficulty to grasp this distinction .
l &apos; talokan offensive cut off the only route for refuelling in the direction of the valley of the panjshir and phil plain where the forces of commander massoud , but also an important part of displaced and refugee populations are concentrated .
the rapid reaction force is intended to carry out the petersberg tasks .
this is why it seems somewhat pointless to adjust in detail , for example , the organization of the european air forces .
the same ideas revolving around the theme of as wide as possible transparency were expressed in the cashman report , which we adopted by a large majority two weeks ago , in strasbourg .
i would like to know the reaction of mr. richard about it and ask what should be the role of the european parliament according to him if this secret protocol does not exist .
it must stop .
nevertheless , the &quot; republic of fear &quot; , striking qualifier used for years to describe the terror of saddam regime , remains widely underestimated by many european politicians , even here in the european parliament .
i would particularly like to highlight the progress made under the aegis of the french presidency in the field of foreign policy and common security as well as in the field of defence , and i would like to insist on these advances because , during the previous debate on the european council of nice , some reservations were expressed on the progress made on a global basis under this presidency .
i know , minister , that you are skeptical on this point , again just to say no as you had already done in paris in other circumstances. but this parliament , beyond any political affiliation , persists and will attempt to impose this view .
the concentration on a purely reactive crisis management has developed policy foreign and security policy in a very bad position .
this means that the primary objective of the council must be actions to reduce exports of weapons in volatile regions , that a fair trade policy must be implemented , there must be aid to sustainable development and above all , support of democratic forces in civil society .
we also strongly welcome the efforts made by mr patten , who is very popular among us , like mr solana , which shows that the one finally takes initiatives .
i have to say that we support many elements of the brok report , in particular the importance attached to the enlargement of the european union .
thirdly , while i welcome the rapid reaction force , the european perspective must be clear because we will only have one chance to do this .
mr president , we are debating today &apos; hui &apos;s two reports d &apos; a politically important , since l &apos; a and l &apos; other mainly concern the cfsp .
we never philosophically neutral and should under no circumstances confuse this concept with military neutrality .
however , i wonder if it would not have been possible to strengthen criticism , or even threaten sanctions the country , more than any other , supporting this regime and without the aid of which the taliban fall , that is to say pakistan .
mr president , we read in point 31 of the report brok on foreign policy and common security the following message : &quot; stresses the need for the democratic legitimacy of russia and knowing that there is a political union between russia and belarus , as its president and its government reiterate clearly the strong need for democratic reforms in belarus , especially in the light of the report of the parliamentary troika of the european union , the council of europe and the osce in minsk on 16 october 2000 . &quot; &quot;
the question of the concept : this concept is adopted since 1992 .
there are still forms of rapprochement to invent with the national parliaments , but which is , in any case , at our fingertips and which represents a turning point , which we can , i believe , one and other , we celebrate , c &apos; is that fifteen nations , constituting this union , which have already built a political reality affecting positively the reports &apos; influence world , these fifteen nations have chosen to give itself the means d &apos; act together in cases where violence challenges our values .
after the reports of the independent experts , the commission , under l &apos; leadership of mr kinnock , proposed a reform of its functioning in a white paper .
backstory , it is systematically recalled that , in addition to any legislative procedure , all budgetary decisions must be taken under the annual procedures and l &apos; interinstitutional agreement of reference .
c &apos; is with great satisfaction that our committee has seen the findings of the report bourlanges on l &apos; outsourcing set out in the letter of amendment .
it will be followed by many other reports and , for my part , rich of these a few weeks of work in consultation , i would like that this method is retained for the sequel .
this is the foundation of the new management philosophy in the commission : each administrative unit will be called to take responsibility the regularity and legality of all its actions .
mr president , i have a pleasure to be finally - and i stress the word &quot; finally &quot; - able to present this report this evening .
this is the heart of what we are trying to do here .
the commission is today &apos; hui in position to the missions , and beyond , service policy , entrusted by the treaties ?
we will continue in the spring from the nice conclusions and on the basis of the commission &apos;s new proposals .
however , we will give a vote of confidence to the commission so that it specifies the possible scope of its proposal .
the reform process is engaged and be put into practice , as evidenced the regular reports of the committee .
payment of invoices by the eu must be done according to the same practices as in the rest of the world .
we find that the increase is too hesitant because if the considered current tasks related to the enlargement to the countries of the east , it is clear that greater strength increases will be needed in the future .
it is for this reason that the new rules should be examined on the basis of their applicability .
fundamental institutional body of the current system of the union , the commission realizes , with all its structure , community policy desired by parliament and the council .
we oppose the other amendments which , bring nothing to report , either plunge us in full delirium .
as a result , the proposals from the commission - the white paper - promoted by commissioner kinnock , receive the support of our political group .
late payment will accumulate and the obstacles are well known .
we have all seen the relative paralysis effect , or rather the effect of total paralysis , that led to the culture of fear in the commission - i am talking about services and officials .
mr president , commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , i shall be brief , but before i continue , i would like to congratulate all the rapporteurs .
this debate also allows me to a picture you updated on the most recent advances in implementation of our strategy for modernization and preparation of the future , improvements improvements that we outlined eight months ago in our strategy .
if i had more time , i would naturally love to focus on the issues raised , and i &apos;m sure the opportunity is present .
other elements are being designed , others yet still must be supported and implemented by the decisions of parliament and the council .
the commission must reach the deadlines of payment and this is one of its objectives .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11.00 .
we will see l &apos; next year when l &apos; assessment that we have requested on the results of the reform will be presented to us .
the share of it in l &apos; global aid was , there are thirty years , 7 % , it is 17 % today &apos; hui .
we want clearer objectives .
the commission must also ensure that this happen at the international level .
indeed , according to the report , poverty and underdevelopment continue to gain ground and many people are still unable to exercise their inalienable right to live in dignity .
the process of implementation of the decision in may by the commission on the reform of external relations is on track .
it is also necessary to ensure that , in the future , programs can be easily managed by our delegations and made more accessible to our partners .
( a5-0342 / 2000 ) by mr ortuondo larrea , on behalf of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council amending directive 94 / 57 / ec laying down rules and common standards for qualified organizations to perform l &apos; inspection and the ship and the relevant activities of maritime administrations ( com ( 2000 ) 0142 - c5-0175 / 2000 - 2000 / 0066 ( cod ) )
indeed , on the basis of proposals that we made last february , the european commission has made proposals with celerity .
all these proposals relate to the essence of the regulation on maritime transport , and i would like to recall here that in addition to the three proposals which must be discussed by this house today &apos; hui , the erika ii package , as mr gayssot has already said , will , meanwhile , discussed next week .
there has been since then , alas , many other maritime disasters , we do know only too well .
thirdly , we say , and we are not , far from it , the only ones to do so , that a dangerous ship should not simply be held dockside to then be allowed to return to sea .
i would add that l &apos; initiative of the commission to present this position was important because it played like a sword of damocles , as effective pressure on l &apos; imo in sight d &apos; lead .
on the other hand , inspections will be imposed only where they may be carried out by specialized and exclusive inspectors cannot have no relationship with the owner , and that the latter does not control the vessel &apos;s classification body .
furthermore , although the direct dumping of industrial materials , including the disposal of military munitions in question obsolete , is a practice that has been largely abandoned by member states , these munitions and industrial materials continue to represent a real threat to the industry of fishing and in some cases a threat to the safety of the men .
the cooperation includes the exchange of information and the survey of munitions disposal sites .
vigorous action must be conducted on the issue of flags of convenience , which , for example , that of the kerguelen for france , and against ships who were beaten during the 36 months preceding the &apos; adoption of these guidelines , the pavillon de l &apos; state in table capital and above-average delays published in the annual report of the mou under the heading &apos; blacklist &apos; .
so please accept this proposal !
this is why i ask in my turn to finish as quickly as possible to the council .
if a flag state remains in default , l &apos; port state must in this case receive more responsibilities .
eight thousand ninety thousand boats that sail on the seas around the world are below safety standards and four thousand transport dangerous goods .
l &apos; maritime insecurity , many players point out , is largely due to deregulation and practices of convenience .
how can we , in full french presidency of l &apos; union , explain to our citizens that the european parliament has deleted measures d &apos; incentive and financial deterrence proposed to accelerate the transition to double hulls .
concerning the responsibilities of l &apos; state of the port , the one cannot continue to underestimate the tasks of the port authorities .
i know it &apos;s the maximum text that the council can accept , but we will not contribute to its adoption in the hope that it will be improved at second reading . we will vote however not against because we recognize the excellent work done by the rapporteur , mr ortuondo , who by some compromise amendments show us the path to follow in the next reading .
it s &apos; were in the first place l &apos; erika , but at the same time , a tanker was sinking further , off the coast of turkey specifically .
i now have a few brief comments to make regarding the monohulls .
we have the political and economic means to impose and enforce our choice .
we need a comprehensive overview of the responsibility of all stakeholders .
it also concerns the specifications of double-hulled vessels .
maybe then , we could avoid a disaster .
this is , i think , l &apos; balance which can be obtained on the basis of the proposals of the commission and l &apos; imo , as well as reports to l &apos; review where colleagues who are the authors deserve congratulations .
the proof is that the measures adopted at the international level to improve safety and reduce accidental pollution have had some success .
classification societies shall be evaluated using common criteria : number of accidents , incidents or detentions of inspected and certified , ships which are at the origin of pollution .
when the ievoli sun sank , the boat was young , relatively , double-hulled , l &apos; crew is community , and the italian pavilion .
but what is most important , c &apos; is the fierce determination that must animate us collectively to change the current rules of the game of maritime transport in order to roll back l &apos; maritime insecurity .
most of the amendments focus on the refusal offered access to community waters .
number of between them , either do not concern the control by the port state , are already included in this directive or other directive .
for similar reasons , the commission cannot agree with the new amendment no 22 , which refers to the essential subject of the safety of navigation but has no place in the proposed regulations .
i share the concerns of the parliament , which insists on the fact that an owner of ships should be able to exercise any undue influence on the classification society .
secondly , as part of our proposal erika ii relating to the monitoring of navigation , the member states will be obliged to intervene , even on the high seas , in similar cases .
mr poos , you would like to speak on the debate ?
( parliament approved the commission proposal )
we are withdrawing our resolution because its content has been reproduced almost integrally and literally in the joint resolution signed by the presidents of the main political groups .
the first part is an oral amendment , but the second door part on a separate vote that i cannot accept , as this amendment has not been filed in time .
report ( a5-0328 / 2000 ) by mr lamassoure , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs , on the white paper on reforming the commission ( aspects concerning the committee on constitutional affairs ) ( com ( 2000 ) 200 - c5-0448 / 2000 - 2000 / 2218 ( cos ) )
watts report ( a5-0343 / 2000 )
control of merchant ships must be carried out by a public-state service with d &apos; a suitably trained staff &apos; and l necessary technological equipment , with active participation of the trade union movement of seafarers .
. i voted in favour of the report by mr watts which aims to enhance the quality and frequency of inspections in ports of the member states of the european union .
if we had thought about earlier , if mr hatzidakis had been here before , in recent years , it would have certainly proposed double hulls for ships and we would have avoided many disasters .
the risk of maritime collisions is so high that , without additional support and control , the risk of accidents from the sea would probably cease to increase .
need to stick to the commission &apos;s proposal .
in the case of the erika , local fishing and aquaculture industries have been hit hard , and it is important to not only consider the tragic consequences observable directly after the disaster , but also see below and take into account the adverse effects in the long term of the oil pollution .
the baltic is a very fragile inland sea , already heavily polluted by agriculture , industry , and sewage discharges .
in addition , the training of the inspectors of these companies varies d &apos; country to l &apos; another .
but the best would be qu &apos; a harmonized control directly become the responsibility of the authorities .
we refuse l &apos; widespread extension of voting by qualified majority with l &apos; parallel extension of codecision and l &apos; abolition of the luxembourg compromise .
about foreign policy and common security , we agree with the balance which has been attributed to the treatment of seizures .
throughout the intergovernmental conference , we expressed our opposition to the idea supported repeatedly by a majority of mps to significantly broaden the agenda ; we also made state of this position with each vote on motions resolution presented in this regard .
it must be clearly said l &apos; importance of l &apos; social agenda for qu &apos; it is quickly implemented .
with regard to the extension of qualified majority voting , i don &apos;t think that it is a sensible proposal , because it would intrude on the right of the member states to take a decision in a timely manner on the communitarisation or non-communautarisation of a policy .
proponents of l &apos; liberal europe , not only n &apos; that extend the misery of peoples already crushed by poverty , but they are , on this occasion , a political project : formalize a pole of rich countries that controls an expanded european market .
the parliament has just voted a resolution on the nice summit that has the following characteristics :
our debates in this house look more like monologues successive qu &apos; real exchanges .
i am opposed to the development of a common defence policy and the establishment of a council of defence ministers .
we believe that this transformation of the commission into delegations of the european community delegations could induce to conflicts of interest with the national diplomatic delegations in our various countries .
it is therefore clear that c &apos; is by the way d &apos; research d &apos; harmonisation , when it is desired , timely and effective , between decisions which remain basically l &apos; prerogative of l &apos; national actor , l &apos; could enhance the weight of l &apos; diplomatic action , and not through totally inoperative structural constraints .
the five danish liberal members of the european parliament have today voted for the lalumière report on a common security and defence policy , because we support a strengthening of the capacity of the member countries of the eu and , at the same time , to that of nato .
we raise we d &apos; even more against this military policy imperialist qu &apos; there is in this house consensus said on the subject , acceptance and a support to this policy on the part of l &apos; vast majority of groups , of l &apos; extreme right , the greens and the pse .
item 49 plans to oblige the member states which do not want to or cannot participate in a mission to participate however and the fund .
the rapporteur lists a number of reasons for intervention outside the territory. l &apos; one is l &apos; indignation justified as ethnic conflicts outside l &apos; union .
in addition , we have specific objections on many paragraphs , such as :
such rupture with nato for the simple purpose of close yet a bit more europe itself is far from the rhetoric that followed the fall of the wall .
i refuse however that the interpreting my vote as proof that i am opposed to the participation of women in the peaceful resolution of conflicts .
. the only positive aspects of this report are qu &apos; he asks a &quot; european definition of domestic work &quot; and a &quot; clear limitation ( d ) a maximum number hours worked &quot; .
it is obviously an almost ideal location , when i read all the proposals for exception rules that are listed in this report .
the tax , social security contributions and vat are the hourly rates to levels that almost no household with normal incomes is willing to pay .
. ( nl ) women &apos;s work has a long history of bad payments , poor working conditions , unfavourable legal position and d &apos; sexual intimidation .
this resignation , outcome d &apos; a long decay , should not make us forget that the &quot; delors committee &quot; had responsibilities heavier than those who succeeded him .
but i mostly voted for because i would like - and i want to say to this parliament - that , when checking the accounts , that is to say how the money was spent by the commission , it ensures not only to control the numbers - four plus four equal eight , eight plus eight equals sixteen , sixteen more sixteen equal thirty-two , thirty-two plus thirty-two equal sixty - but that the checks also if these expenses have really been useful to europe , if they have really achieved the objectives that the we wanted to achieve .
similarly , l &apos; opacity and convenience measures should disappear in recruitment , in particular as regards the temporary posts .
- ( en ) british conservative meps will vote against the report given their opposition oft-repeated extension of voting by qualified majority and the proposal to incorporate the document on fundamental rights in the treaty .
interruption of the session
this is what i was told , but i will go to more fresh and i &apos;ll get your message .
this is the position adopted by our group .
madam president , the nice summit is particularly important .
with regard to substantive considerations , i give just an example .
we believe that this report should be comprehensive and , therefore , ask to be able to discuss and put to the vote in january .
however , his presence is very important for this report , which interested him greatly and whose success depends on majority of the commission .
regulation of the parliament states that it is forbidden to smoke in certain places - including this chamber .
adaptations of the draft directive were necessary , here presented .
let us hope that we are able to do so now .
if not the responsibilities will be at least clear and well-defined .
but , ladies and gentlemen , if you actually had awareness of tobacco-related health problem , you would require the banning of this drug , as you continue to maintain that other substances yet quantitatively much less deadly .
also , amendment no 2 on carbon monoxide is especially important .
history teaches us , in this regard , that it is dangerous to consider goal - so noble and so virtuous it can be - superior to the rules laid down .
mr president , i would like to take the defense of workers in this sector .
and , despite my absence , it is obvious that my vote was going in this direction .
therefore , my concern at present , does not so much on health problems , which are of course important and considerable , on restrictions that would imply our acceptance of this very restrictive interpretation of the legislative power of the european parliament .
mr president , if this proposal actually becomes a law at the end of the second reading , it will cause a limitation of the freedom of companies d &apos; a share and increased public d health protection &apos; on the other hand .
the results of the research in this area are so clear that we cannot , as european legislators , not to follow these tips .
following the decision of the court of justice of the european communities , the commission then adopted again this position - and this time with a large majority .
also , we should put an end to this situation .
the power of the major tobacco industries is only too obvious .
gold , and it &apos;s a shame for the european union , we are asking our taxpayers to subsidise the growing of this awful substance to the tune of more than eur 1 billion per year .
the testing procedure is ineffective .
this directive was introduced to take into account the conclusions of the valverde lópez report of 1997 of the european parliament , which already mentioned many of the elements that the found in the present text and called for a proposal from the commission .
that is why the need to regulate - in the interests of the consumer - is clear .
in this regard , let me say that from the point of view of international and community rules , there is no exception for registered trademarks in measures taken for the protection of public health , and more particularly here , where the effects on the behaviour of smokers are so large .
this is related to the question of access to the products , in particular when distributors are located in areas without supervision .
summer time
there are other issues that we would like to analyze , such as consumption of energy , health and safety , because they report to summer time ; but the strongest argument is without any doubt we want to give the opportunity for the new members to comply with our provisions .
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i note once again that the advantages and disadvantages of daylight saving time give rise to extensive discussions .
our group believes that the proposal which has just been made is good . it supports it and is d &apos; opinion that further amendments are not necessary .
another problem exists in agriculture : in autumn , during the beatings , l &apos; time indicates that morning moisture should have disappeared . gold surprise , nature does not comply with the directive .
with regard to the amendments proposed , the commission gave its agreement with amendments nos 3 and 4 , the purpose of which is to make the system more transparent and to insist on the precautionary principle .
according to the european parliament , the compromise on which we we have agreed greatly improve the common position of the council .
children receive drugs that have only been tested on adults , which means that children are badly treated .
it can help improve clinical research in europe and therefore the well-being of millions of patients .
this compromise , which can of course still be surpassed by each member state establishes a minimum threshold to prevent the european union from a kind of ethical dumping that would give the possibility for a member state , but not to others , to conduct research on persons incapable of giving their consent .
finally , and in this respect j &apos; expressed my dissatisfaction that this provision n &apos; has not been retained in the council &apos;s compromise proposals , i think that l &apos; investigator principal charge of the conduct of clinical trials should be a doctor. because only physicians have knowledge and l &apos; experience enabling d &apos; evaluate the benefits and mitigating adverse effects and risks in these trials .
the agenda is the report ( a5-0377 / 2000 ) by mr trakatellis , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , on the proposal for a decision of the european parliament and of the council extending certain programmes of community action in the field of public health adopted by decisions 645 / 96 / ec 646 / 96 / ec , 647 / 96 / ec , 102 / 97 / ec , 1400 / 97 / this and 1296 / 1999 / this and amending those decisions ( com ( 2000 ) 0448 - c5-0400 / 2000 - 2000 / 0192 ( cod ) ) .
perhaps , i would add , we inaugurated a new mode of operation for codecision .
this is precisely a problem about which we believe that the there is the weakness of the orientation of the union european , the council and the commission which , with budgetary restrictions , reaching the ceiling of 1.27 % currently allowed by the standards in force , is that actions such as these are permitted while coordination between the various member states is increasingly important .
this is an area that can be taken into account in the context of the new community public health programme to be launched soon .
the text that we are adopting today &apos; today on the extension of six public health programmes reflects the informal agreements between institutions .
all of these factors , acting independently or joint , which multiply their effects , make that every day , naturally , millions of people cross the borders of their state of residence to move to other states of the european union , to live , work , study or simply travel .
the european union cannot accept that given different treatment according to the member state where they have been victims of the offence or their nationality .
we should therefore ask ourselves if there is justification to approve this project .
indeed , we cannot seriously talk about a europe of citizens without taking into account the rights of the victims .
the liberal group believes that a very good report emerged from the discussions in committee , and will therefore support the amendments from the committee at the time of the vote .
l &apos; compensation of the victim must have priority over the payment of fines and costs of justice l &apos; state .
i welcome the proposal of portugal also improve the position of victims in criminal proceedings , even if i completely respect views on legal character which have been previously exposed by mr lehne .
which would therefore participate , particularly by the vote , in a democracy that would leave aside the problems ?
several amendments refer to the official languages of the european union , providing for the right for victims to communicate in one of these languages .
as i have already said , the commission , continuing the follow-up to its communication of 14 july 1999 , is working on the adoption of concrete measures of assistance to victims , in particular through the support envisaged in the european forum for victim services .
we acknowledge it .
i believe that the institutions , and in this case the commission , should work with more serious proposals get to this house on time and so the could appoint a rapporteur , examine the proposal from the commission , submit amendments , debate in committee , and , then discuss in plenary. are we asked to do so in a single plenary session , which is impossible .
we didn &apos;t have any at the outset of the budgetary targets to which we subject our policy .
the thing that has us constantly , the tormented throughout the budgetary procedure , it was the financing of our external actions .
or that my successor as rapporteur-general of the parliament and the presidency of the council , which will return to belgium in the second half of next year , i wish already lots of fun during the negotiations .
i would also like to clearly say : we in this parliament a number of vacant posts which , year after year , savings totalling tens of millions of euros , so we must ask ourselves if we still set our budget in a correct manner .
another reason to treat this theme to their knees is perhaps the attitude of some members of this house , who seem only to want to blindly obey the instructions of the council .
the first point of agreement between the council and parliament concerns external actions , i.e. heading iv of the budget , for which our institutions shared a common goal , that is to say release substantial funding for the regions of the balkans in 2001 , taking into account recent developments in the situation policy in serbia , and this without requiring the other geographical priorities of the union &apos;s external action to make costs .
finally , agreement was reached on 23 november on an increase of payment appropriations of the budget for 2001 , limited to 3.5 % over the 2000 budget .
similarly , it is in respect of this interinstitutional agreement that the council has left substantial margins under the ceilings of the financial perspective established in 1999 , including topic 3 - internal policies - and for heading 4 - external actions .
i hope that it can respond quickly .
the court of auditors recently confirmed in a special report that the one reached this goal , the means of the cohesion fund are properly used .
with regard to the specific cases that we have known for two years , that is to say kosovo and serbia , the mobilisation of the flexibility instrument allowed to fund exceptional expenditure by an exceptional effort .
while american companies receive three times more aid and a country , randomly , as turkey spends more than 10 % of the budget of the state agriculture and horticulture , this amounts to saying that europe wants to get everything free .
emphasis is placed on the output rather than input .
fish , commissioner , is a fundamental element of any healthy , balanced diet and protein-rich .
we believe that it is absolutely essential that the considered that this progress report is intended to restore the confidence of our citizens in the functioning of the institutions of the european union .
after a long period of conflict and war , during which our party has acted in a very resolute manner , it is important that the inhabitants of the balkans know this : when it comes to reconstruction , they can also count on us .
you undermine the interinstitutional agreement . let me tell you that , next year , we will examine in detail if we can still accept it .
with the ongoing commitment of the flexibility reserve , it is the transparency of the budget which suffers , and in the long run , this will lead to a loss of credibility .
i come before you , who represent the people of europe , for first expose you the results of the intergovernmental conference on the reform of the institutions .
the number of areas in which the vote will be carried out by qualified majority was , i know , considered by the parliament as a priority for this negotiation .
i also note that this igc resulted in an extension of powers and competences of the european parliament .
these last six months , it is also in the path of growth and employment that europe has progressed .
two months ago , our education ministers adopted an action plan for mobility - a plan of 42 measures - and we have agreed to a substantial allocation of eur 400 million for the media plus programme , which is so important for european cinema and audiovisual and that - you know - the entire profession was waiting .
it is now up to the swedish presidency - which i remind that the environment is a priority - to lead the second package of proposals , including the creation of a european maritime safety agency .
this arm , the union intends to rely in full harmony with nato facilities and , where appropriate , with the support of these .
france is paid special attention .
in addition , in your own address at the beginning of the summit , you said that parliament would judge the success of nice not only in terms of quantity but also in terms of quality .
to meet this wish of citizens , we asked the double majority , only instrument that is objective , understandable and widely shared by the small and large member states .
madam president , mr president-in-office of the european council , mr president of the commission , ladies and gentlemen , the summit has finally led to a result .
how can the union take decisions constitutional passing three sleepless nights ?
madam president , mr president-in-office of the council , mr president of the commission , i would like to do a little background about a famous french physician , called coue and invented a method , coue method , based on the principle of autosuggestion and the autoconviction .
for the rest , what cruel illustration of the crisis , not simply institutional , but more deeply identity of european construction the titanic challenges facing the european union !
the technique is now strong proven : always push by the burden of proof , making empty content or remote application and finally present the whole thing as a great success .
she upset about everybody , starting with those that the so-called small countries .
taking into account the interests and differences in the council would have avoided debates on the number of commissioners at which each state clings .
thank you , mr hager .
there is like a contradiction ...
before the vote on amendment no 22 :
thus , l &apos; paediatric use is sometimes empirical individual recipes. also , it is necessary to promote pharmaceutical companies developing products specifically developed for children and their pathologies so that the doses and formulations are adapted to their organization .
in practice , the summer period became the normal period .
but when i &apos;m back in italy , mr mr fatuzzo , the holiday-maker carlo fatuzzo , was told to have a new id card and a new permit , i had to redo the same statement to the police and the italian carabinieri .
madam president , i support wholeheartedly the report concerning the improvement of the protection of victims of crime , which demonstrates once again the commitment of the eu in the fight against crime and the protection of our citizens .
according to my sources , should be extradited to russia .
heartbreaking results for parliament : the refusal to see seriously expand the discussions to the majority ; the exclusion of parliament from codecision and , i say in passing , shocking composition fixation without that parliament is even consulted on this composition .
decisions on voting in the council and seats in parliament should be taken to the casino in cannes and not to the nice acropolis , with mr chirac in the role of chief croupier .
it seems that the swedish negotiators had more at heart to please the big countries to fight to preserve their own influence .
the treaty of nice contains a number of crucial steps towards an elitist european union as well as several measures to keep away the union of democracies and the citizens .
that is why , in the future , to advance this continent , we have a method that an intergovernmental conference is based on a convention , in which members of parliament , and not the chancelleries , have the last word .
that is our commitment , mr president prodi , commissioner barnier .
as the european parliament , the commission alone in defended the legitimacy , which i thank president prodi and commissioner barnier. they were unfortunately alone , which is felt in the final compromise .
&quot; better no agreement than a bad agreement &quot; , said the french presidency before the nice summit , and this morning , if i have understood correctly , we were told in substance &quot; better a bad agreement than not agree at all &quot; .
but the historic failure of nice is that behind the decisions , it sees no vision for a union which will consist of 27 states .
the contention of national governments to give europe a constitution finally sank. the hope that the heads of state and government themselves defenders of the idea of european unification has finally failed .
old gaps have not been addressed and others have been added .
mr president , first i would like to join , too , praise that you have just made to mr brok and mr tsatsos .
i would like to simply regain some critics , or the lessons that i have heard here or there .
i honestly believe that the system - have i e not pretend it is clear and readable - is a balanced system .
that is what i will remember this debate , this presidency and this igc also .
with regard to the treaty of nice , there &apos;s little to say , because we do not yet have the conclusions of the european council and , therefore , we cannot add anything as long as we will not see them .
moreover , the treaty is a mixture of unsatisfactory elements and positive - satisfactory , but however preferable to the status quo , i guess , at least as regards the extension of the vote by qualified majority , the extension of the codecision procedure for the european parliament and the provisions on enhanced cooperation .
there is the fact that the european parliament plays no role in the context of enhanced cooperation , while some leaders of national parties - including that of labour in his warsaw speech - promised that the it would proceed with any reform of the structural funds in real before 2013 .
mr president , mr president of the commission , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is the winners and the losers of nice , but europe certainly does not belong to the winners camp , more than democracy and transparency .
things may not happen as well .
the outermost regions deserve better and parliament will continue , with the help , i am sure , commissioner barnier to work hard to give them all the place deserved them in the union .
&quot; we have managed to keep things in hand &quot; or &quot; we have managed to block european decisions &quot; , tell in their own countries .
it is regrettable and the only sign of hope is that the european commission has clearly regained its confidence .
the debate is closed .
mr president , i would like to first of all that the it was noted that this year &apos;s budget is due primarily to the work of all members of the commission , so obviously that to the work of its chairman , mr wynn , who has wisely handled the various situations that we have experienced , including situations of tension .
the member states , at the time , did not fear their public opinion and the enlargement to spain and portugal , was accompanied by a significant mobilization of resources .
the approval of a brs will therefore be essential , and therefore , the potential for savings is reduced again substantially , if not in its entirety .
there was no qualified majority in this parliament to return to article 272 .
then , when i discovered that there is no debate on the revision for article 25 of the iia , i was quite disappointed , and the word is weak .
however , the european parliament can not continually revise downwards its commitments towards the outside .
we use 1.06 % of gnp of the member states , which gives us a margin more important that she never did so , and most important also that what had been expected in berlin , there is a little less than two years .
environmental policy , we can not lose us in the establishment of small measures , spaces limited , also useful that could be them , or even in permanent funding and a critique of institutions whose work does not particularly notable results , as is for example the case in my opinion , the european agency for the environment in copenhagen .
first of all , about the structure of the 2001 budget : it has been said that the agricultural budget was not increased enough .
i think it is a good thing and have managed to activate even the flexibility instrument to provide the necessary assistance to serbia , even though i quite agree with you to say that end up in the situation of a roaming flexibility instrument across europe across different countries and regions , and used whenever the need arises , cannot become a strategy .
i expect that further debate takes place the month next topical debate and i propose to grant only limited to this debate in the resolutions .
several areas can be listed in which the points of convergence can be found , as for example in the balkans , in the central region of the caucasus and asia .
this resource often passes through places of major conflicts .
this underlines the importance of the strategy , with russia and also the importance of your report mr oostlander .
the energy policy , which is linked to the policy of the great powers , is an important area of cooperation . you can cite as an example the problem of &apos; route to transport oil and gas from east to west .
a member of my party , a radical activist , journalist , was murdered a few weeks ago in tbilisi , city clearly under the mandate of the russian forces .
he offers a budget heading to part for the northern dimension , and defends an overall increase of aid to russia .
from this interest , the union has developed fields of action in many areas , as well in its common strategy for russia than in other documents .
in the explanatory statement , we read , in point dd : &quot; whereas , russia constituting a union with belarus policy , it is important for the democratic legitimacy of russia , that president putin and the russian government underline clearly and firmly the urgency of reforms and democratic progress in belarus , including report delivered in minsk on 16 october 2000 by the parliamentary troika of l &apos; european union &apos; , of the conseil de l &apos; europe and l &apos; organization for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) .
l &apos; important northern dimension in this proposal gets an own budgetary appropriation , which is a really key point. as for myself , i propose that energy issues are becoming the locomotive of this important project .
other areas where we are trying to support the cooperative efforts of the european union on russia are the rule of law and the consolidation of democracy , civil society , twinnings , regional and cross-border cooperation and , above all , initiative nida , as several members have mentioned .
a quick word on kaliningrad. the partnership and cooperation agreement already provides an institutional framework for our dialogue with russia on trade , visa and border issues .
by applying more favourable requirements for visas for the inhabitants of secessionist regions or in the by exempting fully , the it support the legitimacy of their regime .
the question was this : there were cases where that directive has not been followed and where gmos were prevalent in nature .
i am afraid that we went there in a substantive debate that we do not have time to deal here .
the council remains deeply concerned by the situation in chechnya : the violence continues , the humanitarian situation remains very worrying at the entrance of the winter .
could the french presidency we relay and contact mr nielson to invite him with some prodding to go very quickly in chechnya ?
this one is not , because you can see that the chamber is far from full .
mr president , i believe that the question was fairly accurate .
you are right , the fight against fraud is never sufficiently developed .
however , i feel that the proposal presented by the french presidency is totally unacceptable , and that it has only one goal : maintain asylum seekers in outside the eu , which , in practice , could lead to the increase in illegal immigration .
last month , when i asked a supplementary question during question time , this president-inoffice had simply avoided it telling me : &quot; i do then repeat my previous answer &quot; and he then re-read his answer .
i can assure all members that interviewed me that the council will take into account their comments .
the council , by all these decisions , intends to restore the confidence of consumers in the european union .
you know , we act at all times in the state of our knowledge and therefore i can not quite do mine this analysis .
these are initiatives that the commission has taken or intends to take in the direction of the algerian authorities .
regarding your second question , the council fully shares the point of view of the secretary-general of the united nations aimed at involvement , in this exercise , all of the institutions concerned as well as experts , organizations of research or academic institutions which have an interest in the question of children .
the presidency is very pleased with this outcome which marks an important step in the implementation of the turkish pre-accession strategy defined the year last in helsinki .
guarantees to which the author of this question refers include the right of all accused to defend himself or to have the assistance of counsel of his choice and , if it doesn &apos;t have the means to pay for counsel to be assisted free of charge by a lawyer when the interests of justice so require ; to free assistance of an interpreter if he cannot understand or speak the language used in court ; to be tried within a reasonable time , or released during the procedure .
thus , as stated by the council in its previous reply , the program of mutual recognition can only bring improvements in human rights .
the decision to launch an operation would in principle take the form of a joint action .
the question of the honourable member concerning the views expressed informally by the president of the commission .
mr president , c &apos; is with great satisfaction that i present today &apos; hui to the plenary of the european parliament report on l &apos; stabilisation agreement and d &apos; association of croatia with l &apos; european union .
the european union has also said at the summit in zagreb on 24 november .
i see no contraindication to develop individual relations between the european union , croatia and the countries of the balkans and at the same time develop regional cooperation , on the other hand .
this question must be subject to other conditions , namely , that access to asylum in croatia must meet international standards and be held in humane conditions .
unfortunately there was also serious overflows during the reconquest .
hopefully forward strides in these negotiations and be able to conclude them quickly .
i know that the croatian government insists that the countries participating in the process of stabilization and association are judged on an individual basis , according to their respective merits .
certainly , in many respects , the hardest remains to be done , but i have no doubt a moment in the ability of the inhabitants of this country to the challenge to walk the difficult path of reform , offering to them and path leading to europe .
the problem facing the government becomes very apparent in regions which , under the suharto regime , were used , as a land of migration to deal with the problem of overcrowding and operated as if it were in conquered territories .
the eu should do the same .
our are very concerned and expect the european commission reaction to these developments .
but the level of this cooperation must take into account the actual progress made by the countries in the settlement of regional problems and the methods employed , the respect of human rights and also the collaboration that the country attaches to a positive development in the process of independence of timor lorosae , including with regard to the settlement of the problems faced by the refugees from west timor judging and condemning the militias who are guilty of criminal acts and who have murdered recently three staff members of the united nations .
the revolution in the country and the manner in which it took place are still the basis for cautious optimism .
certainly , the military has less influence , but they still have too much .
mrs maij-weggen has drafted an excellent report , and i therefore conclude by saying that europe must do everything in its power to support the country on the path of democracy , but it &apos;s the indonesians themselves to get rid of the legacy of the suharto regime .
she mentions in effect namely , unequivocally , the forces opposed to the essentials and demanding process of reform .
any outside intervention other than support for democratisation and the rule of law cannot be regarded as counterproductive and inflammatory to all parties .
it goes without saying that , since then , clocks themselves are not stopped in indonesia .
just two years ago indonesia was still governed by an authoritarian leader supported by the army .
the debate is closed .
it is since in part outdated and the nice summit has nothing changed in the situation .
however , views on the manner in which this protection can be ensured .
mr president , i can be brief because this is not the first discussion we have on this topic .
we do not believe that an increase of the solutions at community level can improve the fight against crime to the extent that our efforts will be imbued with so much indifference , neglect and secrecy as the general administration of the eu .
in my opinion , the european public prosecutor is only a first step on the road that leads to the corpus juris , a body of customary law for the whole of the continent .
we are losing large sums of money simply because they are not perceived by the member states .
you know , the commission would have preferred that olaf is established as a fully independent authority .
we must not forget that this is the reluctance of parliament to give the green light to how the taxpayers &apos; money had been spent in 1996 that precipitated the fall of the commission in 1999 .
we rely on the court of auditors which provides us with the weapons with which pull the shadow areas .
we strive to properly monitor the commission and the member states , and this report is an effort in this direction .
mr president , may i begin by welcoming the opportunity of this initiative and the diligence with which our rapporteur mrs eluned morgan has carried it out .
we must be able to judge if the situation improves or worsens .
indeed , the commission always retains information and did not respond to certain questions , particularly as regards the fléchard case .
i am sure that the assembly wishes him all his wishes of success in this business , even if i am a little afraid that &quot; discharge &quot; and &quot; procedure &quot; are among the first words that will deliver the baby .
i will also respond to mrs stauner , who has raised some questions that this agreement provides that requests for confidential information must be raised or sent to the commission by the president of the parliamentary commission .
once again , congratulations for your report !
include in a directive that shareholders should receive a fair price has about as much effect as to say that an apple , when it is ripe , falls from the tree .
so i can only invite the assembly to approve the amendments of compromise tabled by the committee on legal affairs and the internal market .
to be effective , useful and in the public interest , such a directive must : first , to avoid the direct involvement of the courts in preferring a regulator with wide discretionary powers under the authority of the act ; secondly , have rules on jurisdiction and clarify them , so you can use them ; thirdly , clarify what is meant by fair price and thresholds appropriate ; fourth , ensure that the direction can mistakenly prevent the shareholders to make decisions that they believe need to take regarding the future of the company in which they hold a stake .
it is true that the regulation of the european parliament does not offer this possibility , by transforming these debates in a pure and simple dialogue of the deaf .
third finally , clarity : the lack of clarity is particularly evident in the debate on the court , field in which i have little experience .
the european institutions have cure of the job losses and of business closures caused by the almost all of takeovers or mergers .
in addition , if we open the door to defensive measures , we will make maybe more difficult restructuring of the european markets , and in particular the protection of small shareholders .
community law or national law of several member states does not currently have binding rules on acquisition of enterprises .
mr president , i would like to thank parliament for the attention he devoted to this proposal as well as the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , particularly the rapporteur - mr lehne- , for the work they have done .
the first is in fact only the holders of securities and the second concerns only the supervisory authority .
the third part is not acceptable for the same reasons as those valid for all amendments so-called &quot; social &quot; .
this situation is unacceptable to the european market because it is inconsistent with the requirements of the internal market .
there is a misunderstanding at the base because they think that the use of collective management societies will be compulsory , as is currently the case in austria .
the socialist group therefore wished that parliament discredit not accepting proposals which ridicule the votes that took place at first reading .
the opinion on the resale right are no borders at the level of the groups political but at the level of the member states .
it is the artist against the right away .
whatever it is , name of what principle should we impose a tax on the resale of a table and do not do the same , for the benefit of the manufacturer or the tailor , for a car or a costume sold second hand ?
for these same reasons , amendment no 4 and the part of amendment no 7 linked to this question must also be rejected .
discuss a crucial subject while we do not have yet in our own mother tongue of the amendments tabled at the last minute and amendments discussed in committee seems quite impossible .
it must therefore be an exception if we are having a debate without amendments .
we have agreement within the commission to keep the issue of such special services as endorsed by directive 67 / 1997 .
madam president , i might still add things well , but i confine myself to saying that there has rarely been such a consensus policy among the various committees of this parliament called to pronounce on a problem .
this is our responsibility .
however , my group argues that we must naturally ensure at the same time , as a community , and as states members , to define a framework for a universal service .
and however , we are supposed to adhere to the commission &apos;s proposals without even being able to consult these studies .
we are often here proud to represent european citizens .
we encase the step to the postal monopolies .
to go further , referring to the 1997 directive .
let me be clear on one point in particular .
while electronic communication , such as e-mail , takes off , the former state monopolies remain mainly inwards .
there is a link between all these findings .
i support the limit to 150 grams for reasons of prudence .
i &apos;m not a priori opponent of market and liberalisation , but the request that was made , namely analysis in good and due form , qualified , non-rushed and in consideration of all the implications , was not met , and now this compromise is why to me acceptable .
we fortunately have a directive which requires transparency on the part of public companies and i can assure you that gross subsidies will be examined under the microscope .
i have the impression that you have nothing , and it does not appear that you have listened to the arguments which have been presented to you .
the users will be losers , with employees , and european competitiveness and growth will decline .
the proposed liberalisation will not go without causing a significant impact on the services provided in the countryside , workers in the sector and daily mail users .
it is regrettable that the commission has preferred to rush headlong , in taking an ideological proposal that does not take into account opinions of the population .
this sector is suffering from fierce competition from these new technologies .
invoke the realism as the plural left to seek a compromise with a part of the right solution is a way to disguise his own capitulation before private interests .
this figure is sufficient to support the public service tasks , such as adequate provision of a universal service and uniformity of rates .
i have nothing to learn about rural labour .
mr president , i congratulate the rapporteur , mr ferber , who has not had it easy , that is the least that the say .
it is a decision that you will regret .
mr president , taking into account the discussions that preceded , the commission realises the importance of this subject in the eyes of the parliament ; i also examined with great attention the many amendments to the draft directive .
in short , this may prove insufficient and arrive too late , and to stop if necessary change dynamics , a seriously prejudicial to the adjustments underway and dangerous fact for long-term employment .
firstly , the head of british posts , mr. john roberts , who stressed that competition resulted in improvements to the level of quality and efficiency as well as a decrease in prices .
the monopoly of postal services may sclerosis these and cause loss of volume which , in turn , lead to job losses .
we must feed the dynamic of ongoing change , specifically launch the first stage of the process and set a timetable of upcoming reforms .
i note that postal services help us to warm up the atmosphere of the chamber , and i am delighted .
the report proposed , inter alia , the refusal of automatic switching to the only tariff , a tariff preference for the acp to 300 euros minimum , an assessment and a possible revision of the pane internal cmo .
for the rest , our position remains therefore the same : period of application of the system for at least ten years in order to ensure legal certainty of producers and operators , review at the end of those 10 years , no automatic passage to the tariff only , tariff preference of eur 300 for the acp . we have asked guarantees , in case management of a tariff quota system &quot; first come , first served &quot; would be implemented by the commission , because it will have serious implications for acp producers , unable today &apos; hui to take their place in the boat race which will soon open .
mr schwaiger said , during the previous debate , that you need to gather information supplementing more different points of view on the problem .
the implementation of the compromise taken , which fits with the wto standards , must be analyzed by the european commission in a report that the parliament will have to study within a reasonable time ; on the basis of the conclusions of this report and its analysis , it will propose the measures required , as the rapporteur points out in his work .
mr president , for perplexed observers like me , we move from the bizarre to the surrealism in this case .
powerful forces are opposed .
but i think we can predict negative effects on smaller commercial operators and producers in the acp countries .
mr president , in the first place emphasis the effort of the european parliament , which tries to reach a balanced solution in the complex web of interests surrounding the com in bananas .
the conflict with the wto has led to reprisals in the form of trade sanctions and it is not easy to explain this to the exporters in the member states affected in a totally arbitrary manner in areas that have nothing to do .
the important thing is to save time in this final straight and i propose to vote in favour of the report by mr dary .
mr president , once again , our assembly will take a decision on the banana issue and i congratulate michel dary for the remarkable work he has done .
we want to strengthen our cooperation with the republic of korea and we have today &apos; hui an excellent opportunity to discuss the recent events on the korean peninsula .
( parliament approved the commission proposal )
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to confirm the commission &apos;s position with regard to the amendments adopted yesterday by mr bolkestein .
( the president declared the amended common position approved )
he then became &quot; homes of croatian citizens of serb origin &quot; .
( parliament accepted the oral amendment )
i would like to support the important decision of the ep vote the introduction of graphic warnings on cigarette packages . it &apos;s a huge step forward for public health because we will now have labels and images on cigarette packages that reflect what it actually costs of smoking .
the court of justice of the european communities also gave me reason .
this measure would not lead to smoke less harmful cigarettes , but summarize to export jobs .
they deceive people for far too long .
it &apos;s important programmes aimed at the improvement of public health , the fight against cancer , aids prevention , the fight against drug addiction , sanitary control and pollution-related diseases .
i do not see why can not also to entrust the management of its own social security to the public .
so , i believe that we must concern ourselves too - quickly , hopefully - artists retreat .
i therefore believe that this directive will have the effect of shifting the international market of art outside the european borders .
. beyond the effects of announcement of good intentions on the stability , the rule of law , the fight against corruption , the oostlander report is really just a vote of confidence in mr putin .
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323 / 2000 )
and , if the is added to the corruption of european civil servants corruption of officials of national agencies , fraud increase . &quot; &quot;
the establishment of this new authority must not lead to a leak of sovereignty in the main area .
i would like to apologise to parliament .
i have received many letters which testify that it is an issue that inflames the minds .
all must be in balance .
but the commission can certainly provide these information annually to parliament on the basis of the information available to it .
as regards amendments nos 19 and 32 , on organic bananas , i would again point out that there are already horizontal measures to guarantee the equivalence of the bio of third-country bananas and those produced in the community .
more relations will be good , more secure world and our population .
there are differences in our approaches to these issues , but i hope that this summit will send a positive message about the need to continue our efforts together , particularly in addressing sensitive issues such as access to affordable medicines with a tiered pricing .
kosovo belfast , millions of european citizens have to be grateful and i know that this parliament will join me to pay tribute today &apos; hui .
i think you mentioned there an important point .
lesotho has wondered : &quot; that has brought to lesotho liberalization undertaken by the wto ?
i believe that the dialogue that exists between the union european and united states should be taken advantage to finally achieve this goal .
i was interested by what said ms. lucas about global trade and the importance of trying to ensure that more free trade serves both the interests of the poor than affluent people .
the subject is closed .
i insist on this point , because some amendments want to establish a vat zero for services which , in my opinion , are of no essential or social nature .
this solution solves the problem of discrimination according to me , and meets the objective of simplification .
mr president , commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , the commission and the parliament made efforts these past years in order to harmonize the recovery of vat in the european union .
the committee on industry has adopted several proposals by thirty-nine votes to three .
there are underlying assumptions in this proposal on the place of taxation that might cause problems in the future in an international context .
so many good reasons to observe carefully if air transport supports its external costs and is not unfair competition to buses and trains .
when this happens between the member states of the european union , vat is perceived .
it is very unfortunate that there is still to this day no directive framework on the taxation of energy production .
the liberals thus share the ambitions of the commission , but we have very difficult to understand the concrete proposals it has presented .
i believe it is important to have criteria in case !
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , the proposal of the european commission which aims to subject to vat the purchase of digital products downloaded directly from the network by resident consumers in the union from businesses in third countries , is a serious blow to the development of trade online .
so , with regard to the commission proposal to extend the timetable for reform , i can &apos;t express that my neutrality .
i am opposed to the desire for harmonisation of vat by mrs torres marques , but this i would like to especially mention the report by mr garcía-margallo on electronic commerce .
all states redistribute at least 30 , often 40 and sometimes more than 50 % of their national wealth created in the year .
necessary minimum rates , a maximum rate , but should be left to the states a margin allowing them to own microeconomic policies .
personally , i have proposed an amendment on the harmonization of vat rates to correct the effects of competition unfair because , in the rate of vat , the operators from third countries have , at the time of registration , a very large selection of recording , given the significant differences - between 15 and 25 % - while community operators have not this choice .
if in addition we unilaterally taxa of aviation in europe fuel , european companies would be really struggling to remain competitive against european companies .
this is not like this that we need to organise society , and it is why i believe that it is a good proposal .
not only air fares would increase dramatically - probably £ 80 per ticket , thereby threatening the existence of the smaller carriers - but these damages would affect more aerospace industry , tourism , trade and , of course , cargo carriers - they carry today &apos; today a third of the world by air freight .
i think , like mr skinner , that the proposals of the rapporteur , mr garcía-margallo y marfil , vat applied to electronic commerce , are good .
i would like to speak only on the taxation of aviation fuel .
impose a vat to providers of third countries , mainly americans , is not only little practice but , in the case of newspapers and books , creates inconsistencies between a product sold online and this same product sold in the store .
third point : the eu should not establish a too hasty right and should do everything in its power to strengthen the european e-commerce and non insécuriser it .
the results of this consultation were discussed within the council ecofin at the end of the month of november .
a series of details must still be set .
it is in this context that this proposal tries to maintain existing harmonisation in the field of vat rates by confirming the minimum level of 15 % for the standard rate .
let me however recalled that the current community tax legislation does not allow that taxing national and intra-community flights .
a year after the sinking of the erika , we all ask ourselves if we have been able , or not , to meet the expectations of the citizens .
in the event that imo should not adopt the necessary measures , the commission would present to parliament and to the council a proposal on a community regime of liability and compensation for pollution hydrocarbons .
the parliament has taken its decision on 30 november ; they had a good model , and we decided quickly .
with regard to the issue of liability , i would simply say that the current fund is not sufficient to compensate all the damage caused by the erika oil spill .
mr ortuondo , in regards to your comments about article 6 , on liability for minor pollution , i &apos;ll first see what the council says , but the parliament already has a position on the subject .
the overall objective of this legislation was to eliminate distortions of competition through the establishment of a fair mechanism reflecting the costs of the infrastructure motor carriers and to harmonise levy systems in the internal market of the eu .
i thought that both would be addressed at the same time , but this is apparently not the procedure of this house .
the policy to adopt with regard to imports from third countries shall be determined on the basis of this assessment .
the role of the european union is not to fund the encouraging hatred and war .
i asked you about the participation of the commission in educational programmes , and you replied by side , commissioner .
will it consider the possibilities to expand this segment of the community budget ?
let me say about texaco that the centre for social and economic rights hold it responsible for a high number of abortions and a rate of abnormally high cancer in ecuador .
how does intend , from january 2001 , the survival of what remains of this sector facing unfair competition from korea , again demonstrated in this latest report ?
commissioner , i feel , above all relieved , in a way , to see that the commission is worried and , perhaps even , occupied the problem .
we believe that this could not be the case by extending assistance to operation all-out . instead , the commission must be prepared to advance a specific and targeted instrument to the case where the actions undertaken on its behalf by commissioner lamy would not results for the sector of the european union give .
the increase in prices resulting from anti-dumping measures should provide for a recovery of the profitability of the coke industry .
this proposal , which follows on from the multiple commitments made by the community in favour of ldcs , aims at promoting the integration in the world economy .
i am sure that all my colleagues in are grateful .
this makes the connection with the question of mrs kinnock .
for this purpose , perhaps you could start by reassuring me telling me when the impact study will be available so that we can cite it to shatter some of the apocalyptic allegations that have surrounded your proposal and then give us some additional details concerning the safeguard clause i think you intend to introduce in this measure and the transition period that will precede its definitive entry into force .
these instruments are also available organisations like ecpat and the partners with whom they cooperate in the countries concerned .
we had a particular project for this .
reason for which the european patent office is installed in this city .
this is a perfectly understandable point of view , and that i share .
the commission will take therefore any measures it deems necessary .
the commission shall communicate to the honourable member that a complaint is pending concerning the thessaloniki metro project .
in this regard , i would also point out that from the time the concession agreement will be known in greece , the complainant will have eight months to make his own opinion and filed its complaint with the commission .
the legal definition of a strike is a competence of the member state .
i would like to thank the commissioner that s &apos; is striving to provide a response , but i would like to point out that , for the moment , in greece , students are facing l &apos; state of confusion following : d &apos; one hand , centres d &apos; free studies support that , on the basis of directive 89 / 48 / cee , they are empowered to issue diplomas d &apos; studies likely to &apos; be recognized provided that these studies are completed in britain , and l &apos; , the greek authorities and relevant agencies refuse to acknowledge these diplomas awarded to l &apos; completion of studies in britain .
proclaim l &apos; island of raippaluoto off the coast of vaasa independent kingdom , which would allow shipowners in question continue to enjoy duty-free sales .
however , i am sure to be able to say , on behalf of my colleague michel barnier , that the facts mentioned by the honourable member will be duly taken into account in the analysis of this proposal .
let me say briefly what is important element of my report and the point that i believe that it constitutes a key priority for this parliament , namely the question of linguistic diversity .
it is essential that we convince the commercial suppliers of potential investment gains and opportunities in societies that take into account linguistic diversity and exploitation of public sector information .
this means that digital content is a chance for all those who did not have access to school , either throughout their lives , either because they are disabled , and i hope that this digital content will enable a better approach .
it should also locate the production of content , which implies the adaptation of products depending on the linguistic and cultural needs and preferences of consumers .
mr president , i would like to congratulate mrs gill on her report .
content providers , the creative sector , people who are ultimately responsible for the production of these contents and which is also the e-content programme should therefore be involved in this consultation .
before i finish , mr president , let me raise one last important point , one last question addressed to the commission .
i would like to thank parliament for its strong support for the programme budget .
the debate is closed .
has the floor to the rapporteur , mr de roo .
a structural excess of noise is harmful to health people and diminishes their quality of life .
the committee of l &apos; environment here offers practical standards for the years 2006 , 2012 and 2020 .
why becoming a popular party like ours , the epp , do not let aviation escape european legislation and also to no longer distinguish between military and civilian air traffic .
my group does not support the point of view of the rapporteur to want to fix right now through this directive maximum levels of ambient noise for airports .
i therefore agree with the rapporteur &apos;s roo when he proposes not to lose more time and transform this directive on the assessment and management of noise in a binding framework directive .
another group , there would be technical problems .
it is the member states which , on the basis of their customs , would determine the length of this period in a defined range .
i am very surprised to hear any one say need us daughter directives .
we therefore need the framework directive and a combined approach . this is why i consider that much of the commission &apos;s decisions on the environment , public health and consumer policy are fair and correct .
this is not what we want .
we will make a leap forward when we get comparable information on the noise around airports .
the debate is closed .
this study was ever made .
mr president , at this late hour and with a piece of carrot in the throat , i think not having much to say to my colleagues .
these people have knowledge , for many years , the way in which cellulose is used as a binder , essentially in the bread .
as i l &apos; have already explained at second reading , a crisis lies at the base of this amendment to directive .
i believe that our parliament greatly improves the common position of the council and i would recommend l &apos; approval of the joint text .
. ( en ) i would like to thank the european parliament for having supported the position of the european commission and for the remarkable efforts made to meet the concerns of the council .
we know that the commission is currently preparing a programme of sustainable development throughout the european union which should be ready in six months .
as a legislative body , we should never seek to exacerbate the opposition between city and countryside .
the credits will be primarily intended for networks of cities organised at european level for their activities in the field of development and the dissemination of good practices in sustainable urban development .
in addition , in practice , it is at local level that decisions that we in this parliament should be implemented .
i believe that this innovative approach may provide an example for others to follow .
the commission cannot accept amendments nos 1 , 3 , 4 , 9 , 14 , 17 , 21 , 26 , 31 , 38 and 39 .
indeed , even if media is in do echo for a short time , the precautionary principle is not made its appearance on the international legal scene .
mr president , mr commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the legal and internal market committee noted some points concerning the precautionary principle , points that the found in the excellent report by our colleague , mrs patrie .
the public wants more to the cost of hazardous technological innovations which it turns , a few or many years later , they involve unnecessary risks to public health or the environment .
i am a proponent of the precautionary principle. but i wish to raise one point d &apos; concern .
it should be keep certain themes in mind to ensure proper operation .
first , there is no minimum threshold below which the precautionary principle could not be retained ; therefore , even in the event of low risk , it can be made recourse to the precautionary principle .
in the amendments that j &apos; have tabled , i try d &apos; clarify these points and to remove unnecessary parts .
it is incomprehensible that the european union remains insensitive to dozens of independent scientific studies , which indicate a potential risk of mobile phones for human health .
producers and manufacturers must be able to present evidence of the safety of their products .
mr president , adapted to all sauces , according to the circumstances and the interests of the moment , the precautionary principle may be the best as the worst of things .
we consider that it is a general principle that should be taken into consideration in the areas of the protection of the environment , as well as human , animal and plant health .
thank you very much , commissioner liikanen .
our european community is first and foremost a community of values based on respect for the rule of law .
we know that , personally , we are not important , but we believe that what unites us and mobilizes us is important , namely the rejection of the criminal of eta terrorism and explicit our support to the rule of spanish law , today &apos; hui threatened by a totalitarian violent secession project .
ladies and gentlemen , as democrats , we are , obviously , supporters of the dialogue between the various democratic parties , because democracy itself is in a permanent dialogue .
we come to the signing of the 2001 budget .
( in successive votes , parliament adopted the two legislative resolutions )
( parliament gave its assent to the tabling of the oral amendment ) ( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
before we proceed to the explanations of vote , to all those and all those that i shall not see again , i wish very happy holidays of christmas .
since its inception , the cohesion fund has had a considerable impact in two areas of great community interest - the environment and trans-european transport networks - and constituted a good example of effective application of the community budget and the highest execution rates of all the community budget .
we ask that , as early as january , a sab d &apos; importance demonstrates l &apos; interest that this house intends to book to this folder .
the luxembourg government is naturally invited to be vigilant , but also to ensure compliance with the treaties .
it must undergo a deeper reform in the future , particularly to make room for the enlargement of the eu .
mr president , i voted for this report on food additives , and in particular the prohibition of use of sodium alginate to preserve carrots .
i suggest that it also sends a copy to malta , since the only explanation of vote that it is not made is , i think , when we spoke of malta .
if today &apos; hui , j &apos; voted report ferber on &apos; european postal services &apos; c &apos; is because i think qu &apos; l &apos; current state of the balance of forces in europe and the european parliament , we have obtained the maximum of what we could get to avoid the disappearance of the public postal service in europe !
i very much regret that parliament has ended , in the vote , support a very harmful position for consumers .
i strongly refute this false allegation .
it is not enough to advocate liberalization if we do not understand the effects of our decisions .
in sweden , this proposal has already been partially applied and we can now see that this has created a situation worse than before .
we hope that negotiations will open quickly and that they will lead to an agreement compatible with the commitments that we have taken in the context of the wto and the interests of our traditional suppliers .
let me be clear : i do not discount the interest of this organization . i refuse with others is not globalization !
secondly , the report deals too negatively the linguistic and cultural diversity .
it is quite clear that europe is able to meet the challenge of the markets , thanks to the advantages that it has economic and employment and , of course , thanks to its cultural richness and linguistic diversity - which are mentioned explicitly in the notion of linguistic minorities and regional languages - face monolingualism that characterises a large part of the &apos; network &apos; .
mr president , i asked my daughter elisabetta - which , as you know , is deputy regional party of pensioners in lombardy - to give me an opinion on this council in nice : what she thought , if she considered that i should vote for .
the latter is now ready for l &apos; accession of candidate states .
they are have perhaps managed , at least temporarily , but at the cost of serious disadvantages : greater supranationality , less democracy , increase in l &apos; germany in the decision-making process .
this evolution may seem legitimate in the eyes of some , since &apos; it tends to translate into institutions respective weights of countries in terms of population .
it could therefore result in more difficulties in the implementation of the laws which apply in the sectors of the environment , the protection of consumers and the workplace , and we strongly urge the countries to demonstrate a sense of responsibility and to improve the effectiveness of decision-making procedures within the council .
the negotiations were difficult , but the strength of the union was reflected in its determination to find solutions acceptable to all .
this situation is aggravated by the expansion of qualified majority decisions , under certain conditions , 14 countries that can make decisions on behalf of the 27 or 28 , as is eliminated in practice the right of veto on important policies for portugal , such as the structural funds or agreements on commercial policy .
we keep l &apos; unanimity in the council and therefore a latent failure to act .
for our part , as long as europe is what it is , the issues of constitutional importance or of fundamental interest for the states , such as those that have been discussed in nice , can be set otherwise. they must be unanimous .
this has the effect of increasing the power of the big countries at the expense of small .
these low prices are not only the result of decreases in personnel and d &apos; other economies but also of public policy .
&quot; &quot; then go to bed and make love .
while structures of achievement are passed d &apos; a project an approach approach by program this program - that l &apos; one can already challenge , because &apos; part of the proximity of the citizens , and the added value the european visibility is already lost , in my opinion , and also because member n states &apos; were not all created regional authorities- the innovative actions in the context of the esf maintain a project approach .
the trick is to determine which , but we must also have the strength to admit that failure , we must not bail out them at the expense of the state and adopt a strategy that takes account of this aspect .
tourism is an important economic activity , even in some peripheral regions .
c &apos; is a good report and it is based on a good document of the commission .
i agree especially that the instruments of territorial policy must be geared towards sustainability , strengthening economic and social cohesion , and , above all , the creation of qualified , economically viable and sustainable jobs .
first point : we , and the people on the spot , consider that innovative measures were a stepping stone very useful for authorities and local communities which are not actually part of the structural funds , but which should be included , to learn how to manage small-scale projects to be able to play a more effective role in the dominant programs in the years to come .
on their bar road and we lose this added value of the direct relationship between the european cupola and the closest public institutions of the problems of the citizens .
this is why we have chosen these three priorities as strategic priorities : technological innovation , the information society , but also regional identity and sustainable development .
i understand your concern to maintain direct links between the european union and regional and local actors .
thank you , commissioner .
the decision of the council and the commission to negotiate for four months , without further subsidies , then decide from may 1 , 2001 , based on the results obtained , if subsidies may still be extended , lead to what l &apos; industry european shipbuilding received almost no contract in the first four months of 2001 , in any case not very disputed areas .
other countries , like japan , also suffer .
another concern of the 6th framework programme of research and development : in its draft , the &quot; marine technology &quot; line , which existed in the fifth , seems , today &apos; hui , have disappeared .
mr president , l &apos; approach of the end of &apos; year , hold a debate on the situation in the shipbuilding sector seems to have become a tradition .
in recent weeks , the commission has told us that the subsidies plan , through which our industry survives , should be deleted as soon as january on behalf of a so-called improvement of its competitiveness .
so therefore , it is the state which pays much , if not all , profits from this company .
and this , because we cannot condemn a situation of unfair competition .
discussions in the oecd rose little , very little progress , and the possibility of concluding a binding agreement at the international level in the field of shipbuilding seems remote .
he invited the commission to continue monitoring the market situation , to follow very closely the tbr for porter procedure , where appropriate , the case to the wto , and to raise the issue of the shipyards in all relevant international fora .
british submarine in gibraltar
there , demonstrating absolute command on the spot , they stationed it .
mr president , with regard to the repair of the submarine british tireless in gibraltar , it should be recalled that the expected of the commission .
i would humbly suggest them to support our motion for a resolution .
then , it must demand that the it provides all necessary information in the population , as stated in the euratom treaty .
honourable members have asked a number of questions about the presence of the submarine nuclear hms tireless in gibraltar , of which it was necessary to repair the nuclear reactor .
the uk authorities state that there be no transport of radioactive waste through member states and that they maintain regular contacts with the spanish authorities .
this is a technical problem that requires a technical answer. faster repair will be completed , the better it will be for everyone .
we all support the right to self-determination .
it is especially significant , and it is on this point i would like to stress , in that it shows what state is called united europe and in this regard , it is almost even fun for the separatists .
it is scandalous to see that at the moment 11 nuclear attack submarines on the 12 in service with the royal navy are immobilized. four are in repair and seven show signs of fatigue such as those which secure the hms tireless .
the specific case is more serious than this since it concerns , on community territory , hundreds of thousands of beings humans , not only spaniards , of course , but also of all nationalities , in particular british .
i would note , to return to the contents of the motions for resolutions on the role of the commission , that the british government does not consider that the euratom treaty is applicable in military situations of this type .
these sentiments have moderated the discussion , it is understandable , but honourable members know that in responding on behalf of mrs wallström , i must confine myself to determine as clearly as possible what is covered and what is not community competence .
b5-0928 / 2000 by mr watson , on behalf of the eldr group ,
suicide mainly among young people can no longer support their plight .
he has participated in specific operations when the secretary-general or other authority of the united nations requested and in agreement with the countries concerned .
we will continue to work in this spirit to develop proposals for the instrument to succeed the dublin convention , qualification requirements to the status of refugees on the basis of the geneva convention and subsidiary forms of protection .
the commission also works closely with unhcr to ensure a smooth transition from the humanitarian and development .
b5-0929 / 2000 by mr haarder and mrs malmström , on behalf of the eldr group ,
solana , us was said , included these requirements , but l &apos; also told us , and i quote , qu &apos; it was difficult to deal with a regime such as that of milosevic .
you can start from this or combine it with an amnesty .
the request to president kostunica to release all political prisoners of the period milosovic requires also the incessant diplomatic efforts of the european council and the commission in belgrade , d &apos; especially since most serb political prisoners have , to my knowledge , were released in the meantime , if this n &apos; is those d &apos; ethnic albanians of kosovo .
i can assure you , ladies and gentlemen , that it is a matter which i will deal - not only as a result of this debate - during my next visit to belgrade after the elections of december 23 .
mozambique-b5-0907 / 2000 by mr queiró , on behalf of the uen ;
on tunisia .
i recall that , during a mission of the european parliament in argentina , the former president alfonsin told us that democracies do sometimes remember other democracies post mortem , that is to say , when there is more democracy .
mr president , the european parliament gives south africa the agenda , in particular mozambique , one of the poorest countries of the world who , you will recall , devastated year last by an immeasurable natural disaster .
we regret that the other political groups were not willing to do this time .
therefore , we urge the commission to ensure a strict monitoring of the conditions in this country that should obviously be considered as respecting human rights .
tunisia
it is also the case of mehdi zougah , a tunisian citizen arrested in tunis on august 11 , at the airport .
the aloes publishing house , whose premises have been closed several months , is prevented from publishing freely .
the grounds for prosecution are very fuzzy .
mr president , i firstly thank the solidarity expressed by other colleagues concerning the last murder of the terrorist group eta .
the call for a meeting of the association council devoted to the situation of the rights of man in tunisia must be followed by real effects ...
our experience in chile in the field of democracy and human rights was therefore crucial to subsequent projects in other countries .
in the coming weeks , we will have to review the results of the dialogue between the two political leaders , or take note of the absence of such a dialogue .
the agenda is the joint debate on the following motions for resolution :
and it is not by chance that the oau and many african heads of state condemn unambiguously ivoirite .
the collapse of the price of cocoa , the crushing weight of external debt and the increase in fuel prices , among others , pushed the country toward an internal situation marked by rising tensions , a significant deterioration in the social climate , an increase in unemployment and poverty .
we , the members of this parliament , we have a duty to defend the rights of the people of côte d &apos;ivoire - and elsewhere - in a fair and properly organised democratic system with an non-partisan judiciary .
i would like to make it clear that the commission shares the opinion of parliament that the process of transition from a military coup in a government elected in côte d &apos;ivoire is far , and it is an understatement , the democratic standards that we want to see applied .
regards the slanderous allusions pronounced against me , i have to say that i do not so act normally and that i wanted at any time to alter the course of the debate .
as you know , sir , i addressed two times already this afternoon to parliament on this issue , but what i talked about was the jurisdiction of the commission , not its omni .
the european parliament is not sovereign in the fixing of the calendar .
faced with this problem , it is necessary to exercise great sensitivity and to work towards the creation of an intergenerational solidarity absolutely necessary for the preparation of a series of important policies and holistic nature and the realization of social security , social protection , and especially to ensure that each country included in its cultural concepts the idea that older people are not a weight to society but that they must be considered as a resource : a human resource first and foremost , a social resource then a cultural resource also and , finally , a vast heritage of experience that must be transmitted to the younger generations .
the reflection which develops and l &apos; political action that we deploy in this area are of particular importance during this period where l &apos; european union undertakes to modernising its social model by inextricably linking economic development , social progress , quality of life and social integration of all citizens .
the low employment rate of older workers is an issue to which the european parliament should tackle much earlier .
this shortage is even used as argument to raise the retirement age and reduce to nil reduction primers initiated previously .
the oecd has already conducted research on this issue a few years ago and published reports .
the present report largely ignores their valuable contributions to the company .
mr president , the commission communication is , i think , an important step in l &apos; history of social policy , because it puts an end to a period where l &apos; evocation of the third age was considering it as the generation of the dispossessed or invalids .
given that markets are only interested in youth and their purchasing power , elderly matters remain the responsibility of the policy .
one of our colleagues l &apos; said : this n &apos; is not us who live too long , this n &apos; is not our company that is too old but a few centuries ago people would die much sooner than the good lord l &apos; wanted by registering in our genes .
it is a wrong calculation , taking into account the current and future demographic situation , and taking into account also that the assets of today &apos; today are the inactive tomorrow in economic terms .
l &apos; article 13 of the report that j &apos; have submitted to parliament at least d &apos; october confirms that l &apos; is practised discrimination associated with l &apos; age .
in addition , i do want at any price that all women are active because we want rather than the participation of women in the world of work is enhanced by a family and tax policy .
i have photographs of him , when the tricolour was hoisted again on mont dauphin and briançon .
the problem of aging is part of the most important objectives that determine the new process of cooperation in the field of social protection .
we shall proceed to the vote .
this approach is quite desirable like what is already done for the promotion of agricultural products in third countries .
it could lead you to a unanimity which , no doubt , knowing the generosity of spirit of the commission , would lead to accept all of our amendments .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , as a member of the working group on l &apos; wto and especially as responsible for smes , i do then that congratulate the commission on this report and this measure because &apos; it provides large scale developments oriented towards l &apos; future .
it s &apos; is obviously d &apos; an important opportunity for the rural world , which precisely thus satisfy the distance that separates major centres , and new opportunities are emerging &apos; which , ultimately , certainly worth the penalty d be taken into account .
we now hope that this parliament will follow them very much and , naturally , i call upon my group to support you fully .
the fact that the calves we add fat from the animal meal manufacturing - what is clearly very suspicious with regard to the transmission of mad cow disease - is another outbreak of contamination for young animals .
promotional actions system is one of the elements of dysfunction of the agricultural policy of the eu .
i sincerely hope that what will be proposed will not an any ideological perspective of what healthy and safe , but it will be based on adequate scientific data info .
the concept of measures d &apos; information and trade promotion , complementing national measures , requires a strong commitment on the part of the member states by l &apos; co-financing and control of measures to be taken .
without search , it seems that i will be the last speaker of l &apos; year 2000 .
to return to the practice of summerfallow , we could consider in practice fallow is not the result d a crop rotation but rather that companies use the bad lands to leave fallow permanent and commencing an operation still more intensive and chemical other rotations of crops .
consider , mrs lulling , the second additional that i have given are your christmas present .
i fully endorse the contribution of our colleague liberal jan mulder .
