it does that aggravate the undemocratic nature of the european union , and i hope that m . moscovici understood that m. prodi erected today a real bulwark against these actions . moreover , i &apos; really hope that this trend will stop and reverse the tips nice and biarritz .
these negotiations , we know , are very difficult and are feared failure or a minimum agreement in nice , which would be even worse , you have already agreed , mr. minister .
otherwise lead to a major democratic deficit .
mr. chairman , mr. chairman prodi , mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen , i thank the european parliament delegation to the convention and the chairman thereof , novel herzog , committed to their work .
moscovici mr. chairman , i ask you , with the utmost seriousness , consider the following : if you subtract one behind the decision cologne and do not want to consider that with great difficulty the possible incorporation of the charter in treaties , which encourage those who violate the rights of man they would derive our procrastination ?
but on this point i would mark if a disagreement , at least shades on two points .
he was right to highlight the progress made since the fall of the wall and german reunification , ten years ago .
she also made a very interesting suggestion about the relationship between the charter and the discussion on a possible article 7 .
this work possible , and the study conducted by the university institute of florence is an excellent base for performing effectively .
here , mr. moscovici , i do not think that we should spend any community .
now , however , we observe that the president putin practice a policy of opening to the west .
report ( a5-0235 / 2000 ) m . skinner , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs on the commission communication entitled &quot; the capital : proposals to continue the implementation of the action plan &quot; ( com ( 1999 ) 493 - c5-0320 / 1999 - 1999 / 2208 ( cos ) )
n &apos; there not here two weights , two measures ?
piecyk recommendation for second reading ( a5-0232 / 2000 )
at the same time , the introduction of larger buses would reduce the number of bus traffic , which would hurt less to the environment .
risking its own capital is a very dangerous activity .
actually , entrepreneurs are often comparable to players who hope to reach the jackpot .
but it is precisely the right to property , freedom of enterprise , which mainly concern the minority shareholders have the right to use it and abuse it .
mr. chairman , i have abstained from voting on the resolution concerning the charter of fundamental rights of the european union because i think the charter still unsatisfactory , despite some progress .
as a member of the delegation of the european parliament in this chamber , and after working with my colleagues for eight months on the subject , i must say that the charter of fundamental rights could represent indeed an added value for the europe but in the current situation , we can not be satisfied nor its content , nor working methods that led to its development .
the csu group in the european parliament is in favor of the horizontal arrangement which establishes that any new power n is created for the community and for the union .
because we think that the constitutional process of europe deserves a true democratic public debate , there can be political construction of europe without social rights without democracy .
voting is closed .
( a5-0249 / 00 ) m. poos on cyprus ( com ( 1999 ) 502 - c5-0025 / 2000 - 1997 / 2171 ( cos ) ) ;
i am convinced that some countries will be able to make sufficient preparations in this time .
the french presidency will inform immediately your committee , mr. brok , the outcome of these negotiations as of tuesday afternoon , as it &apos;s now the custom among us .
we have in fact , in perfect agreement with the verheugen commissioner begin negotiations on 42 new chapters , which means that from april to september depending on the country , as the portuguese presidency before us .
but the date of 1 january 2003 , which is the only one union is agreed , is for candidates and for us , a very ambitious goal , and it &apos;s in this context that the presidency will mobilize all its efforts .
i am ready , of course , to follow the very important debate that brings us together today .
the enlargement process , the most important in the history of european unification is morally desirable , strategically necessary and politically feasible .
if we can see that the countries involved in the enlargement process have already achieved in a very short time , the stability of their democratic systems , c &apos; is a performance that these people have done to themselves .
institutions for the eu , they must be used to monitor the success of the process and to continue the development of trading strategies .
i only mention agriculture , the environment , regional policy , internal and legal affairs and budget. as preparative commission working on a new monitoring system that will allow us to accurately assess at any time the status of the negotiations and the full piece for each country .
mr. chairman , mr. minister , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we are discussing today the brok report on the progress of the enlargement process of the european union - a topic that comes up every year .
in our view , paragraph 25 and the amendment that was filed about my group are essential .
mr. chairman , the report brok our colleague is an excellent description of the position of the european parliament .
the challenge of reunification , more than the expansion probably is so huge that it invades or surrounds all parliamentary debates. that explains the depth and intensity that emerged from our discussions , including this morning &apos;s debate on the need to prepare for this extraordinary challenge .
the important thing is not to let up frustration among the candidates who remember the country , even if they are waiting in the anteroom , not yet entered walk-in union .
our group believes that by doing so determined , it is quite possible that the first group to join at the next european parliament elections , but we must act decisively on both other .
differences regarding what is stated in the report relate brok as many details as points higher .
on all these subjects , the brok report merely talk about adaptation , reform .
the personal involvement of the rapporteurs of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy and the exchange point fertile who held view , will inevitably in the same direction .
the enlargement , i just said , that is a historical process , it &apos;s a duty .
it is the credibility of the union .
we create the conditions for success , because it is important that this expansion is not an outbreak , that this expansion is not only a symbolic decision , then create problems .
none of you should s &apos; surprised that the negotiators , prime ministers , presidents of parliament , national parliaments colleagues complain that things are not going fast enough - regardless of whether it &apos;s really there a popular sports in europe .
set no date can arouse disappointment , setting too early date may lead to some complacency : this means that we look at the question of when the right time to know when we can say with sufficient certainty how time any country will be ready for membership or not .
we already have very much .
before i was born , freedom and democracy had precedence over oppression and madness of war , and a european union was formed .
these countries are a rich source of culture , diversity and multiple possibilities that a unified europe can not do without .
if estonia knows adopt in negotiations effective and targeted approach , it will have a good chance of becoming one of the new member states of the union .
criticisms and proposals in my report on urgent and necessary progress in administrative and social policies designed only to drive quickly and successfully latvia in the european union .
it is our duty to continue to support latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population .
yet the relationship between the lithuanian currency and the dollar also plays a role in this because the litas follows the rise of the dollar against the euro. this causes a decline in export contracts of lithuania to the euro zone .
it &apos;s the only way to improve the possibility of development for kaliningrad as well .
many of us believe that to stimulate and keep alive this support , it would have been useful to specify dates for accession .
a particular problem facing the czech republic , including the border with germany , is one of prostitution , especially child prostitution .
we are in the midst of a negotiation process .
the problems i have mentioned you are not insurmountable .
these policies must lead to a free assimilation , unforced , individuals belonging to this community .
the resolution and the report that concern us focus on some of the more controversial issues , namely nuclear security , border control , the treatment of minorities and the problem of corruption .
perhaps n &apos; is not it a coincidence that the same public survey reveals that the ambassador of the european union is the second most popular figure in romania today .
mr. chairman , mr. commissioner , your rapporteur shares the opinions of the report of the committee on slovenia and finds that criticism in 1998 constituted a salutary shock to the slovenian authorities , who have since responded by accelerating the adoption of measures necessary for accession .
the perpetuation of the status quo , after the turkish invasion of july-august 1974 , n is not acceptable to the european union .
it wasn &apos; logical that the european council of helsinki in december of last year , has given the green light in the context of the extension of the accession negotiations , the resumption of negotiations with malta .
the trend that we note in this report to encourage polish politicians to speed up the legal adaptation to the eu and implement the acquis , and the conclusion , a few days ago , the agreement on the liberalization of the polish agricultural market emit positive signs in this regard .
on this point , he has the full support of our committee .
let me address some of the priority items .
that is why we can us to be honest , develop constantly new challenges in these areas .
fundamentally , however , we must consider one thing : the remarkable efforts and the absolute will of candidate countries &apos; expanding join the european union should be motivation enough for us to prepare ourselves for this enlargement .
mr. chairman , we may tend to think that the accession of new member states automatically assume that they must meet higher standards for the protection of the environment and nature .
mr. chairman , when pandora opened the box , all the evils of mankind were released .
that is why my report devotes a large part of its recommendations to the need to encourage the flagship program to do more in the field of health and get countries to cooperate now under action programs health and other sectors .
we must begin to talk about integrated and polycentric european development .
we heard something on the theme of the core with respect to the area of policy and regional promotion .
there are a number of other points raised by the committee on regional policy in its report .
to avoid that the same scenario is repeated , it is essential to ensure that enlargement is not only beneficial to men but also to women .
that minds are more weighted is no more than a proof - i have warned previously in the same terms colleagues from central europe - we passed the honeymoon normal household reality .
the results of the intergovernmental conference depend unavoidable conditions that the european union could undertake its enlargement .
the green group and regionalist advocates a conclusion of negotiations with the first group of candidates at the end of 2002 country , so that the first accession to take place before the next european elections in 2004 .
various reports reflect this mainstream .
barely out of your old prison , n &apos; not enter a new one .
i think precisely that already going too fast to six and fifteen , we have demonstrated our inability to build a europe that respects differences of its first members .
we will see an increase in competition and an acceleration of the reform process , including western europe .
at various stages , however , measures were taken during and after world war ii , which obviously did not meet the criteria of copenhagen as the spirit that prevailed at the time , but what that in any case , it &apos;s about these laws was developed the ideological and political architecture of this period , including peace treaties .
for all these reasons , and therefore our own experience in greece , our opposition to the enlargement of the european union is an expression of fraternal solidarity in respect of workers and , in general , peoples and candidates for membership .
it is imperative that the accession negotiations between romania and the european union detail exactly what the romanian government needs to improve the standards and quality of orphanages in the country .
in the ratio of m . gawronski , the committee is invited to consider such appropriate measures to promote the development and strengthening of synergies between poland , lithuania and the russian region of kaliningrad .
mr. verheugen , as chairman of the committee on agriculture and rural development , i have enjoyed the opportunity to visit the candidate countries for accession .
poos the report stresses that democracy , cyprus , works perfectly , because the respect of human rights and freedoms are the cornerstone of social and cultural traditions of the island , and the structures social of the country are clearly centered on the human person .
the visual is very important .
mr. chairman , the debate of today carries on the great challenge of the new millennium : unify europe to consolidate peace and security and promoting development in the social , economic and environmental fields .
mr. chairman , as a member of the joint parliamentary delegation eu-lithuania , i would like to support the remarks even hoff made in his report .
flagrant discrimination committed in other countries , such as poland and malta .
it is a question of a process that s &apos; performs with varying degrees of success , but it carries a lot of hope to the extent that these people become citizens a day of unity and will be called especially to establish links with their country of origin .
so stop wanting to replace the principle of &quot; each according to its results &quot; with &quot; each according to its election results but my first . &quot;
its cooperation with the international community during the conflict in kosovo and balanced at the time role are essential for the entire region .
such efforts include the privatization and restructuring of the economy .
ignorant and excluded can not form a society of information but are a sign of its failure .
member states could do more in their twinning arrangements to help the candidate countries to develop their administrative capacity .
these regions of europe are finally ready , especially cyprus .
the extension consists of a group of economic forces , admittedly , but this group may also occur in the field of economy , significant gains in the future , increasing the size of the market and the growth of our continent .
mr. president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the importance and significance of the historic opportunity offered to us to unite our continent in peace can not be ignored .
here , we must add that we must be prepared to apply the administrative level .
as vice-president of our joint parliamentary committee eu czech republic , i know that is the case in the czech republic and i presume that it is the same for other countries .
ten years of participation in the european union &apos; s unified germany &apos; are for us a history of solidarity that must now share with others , even if the expansion n &apos; is not only a question of solidarity .
this tension makes the &quot; eee model &quot; reasoned because it rewards the candidates at the time of application .
after the horrors of two world wars and fifty years of communist oppression and dictatorship , during which were trampled in the name of the class struggle , the dignity of man - universal value as a christian - the democracy , religious freedom and the environment , it is time to finally unify our continent and this part of the world .
it must be clear to all countries that entered the european union n &apos; not directly lead to entry into the economic and monetary union and the access to the euro zone. times are different .
mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen , yesterday , the chairman of the commission said in his speech that weakens a body of the european union weakens the whole of the european union .
mr. chairman , it is with enthusiasm , and for me with great interest that we approve today reports on enlargement candidate countries , including the czech republic which m. jürgen schröder devoted his report .
in my opinion , and i took advantage of the presence of a former irish attorney general to say , the committee did not yet demonstrated the determination required to settle the case .
( a5-0257 / 2000 ) of the same paulsen , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and the council on undesirable substances and products in the feed &#91; com ( 1999 ) 654 - c5-0344 / 1999 - 1999 / 0259 ( cod ) &#93;
c &apos; is a central and essential point of prevention work .
they can not really trust if the control is subject to significant differences from one member state or region to another .
can not , in my opinion , sacrificing food security on the altar of profit agro-food lobbies , i have removed my name from the report .
during the establishment of the maximum values , we must keep in mind that nature has its own laws , the crops vary and , ultimately , the farmer suffers , due to environmental effects which it may have no influence .
we discussed in the same way all other areas relevant to the prohibition of dilution .
this directive is the first link in a long series of decisions on the food security .
course zero risk is impossible . however , it is important to implement an alert system .
we do not dispute the report paulsen , we absolutely agree with its content .
commissioner should know that in my country , independent advisory panel to issues feed feared that a ban of this magnitude n &apos; causes a shift of mixing outside the eu , where they are less likely to be well monitored and controlled until a future market penetration of the union .
i am delighted that the epp-ed group withdrew its proposed amendment on the issue of dilution .
in my eyes , &quot; the barn to the stall &quot; is the phrase of the year in the field of consumer policy eu and suffers almost of no competition .
unfortunately , in the future , criminal acts will not be completely ruled out , despite all our efforts .
mr. chairman , this directive constitutes an element of coherent package expected to effectively guarantee the safety of all stages of the food chain .
if the legislation on hygiene is lacking in this regard , it should be again .
then the commission can not accept amendment 27 by which the parliament proposes to delete the possibility to define acceptability criteria for raw materials for animal feed which have undergone certain decontamination processes .
amendments 39 and 40 , which proposes to delete the possibility of introducing limits of action , are equally unacceptable .
the commission can not accept amendments 5 and 22 related to early warning system in its current formulation .
the agenda is the report ( a5-0233 / 2000 ) m . graefe zu baringdorf , on behalf of the committee on agriculture and rural development on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council amending directive 79 / 373 / cee on the marketing of compound feedingstuffs ( com ( 1999 foods ) 744 - c5-0020 / 2000 - 2000 / 0015 ( cod ) ) .
byrne mr. commissioner , we are very satisfied .
producers have the obligation to prove the composition of compound feed by providing , if requested , detailed information to partially reverse the burden of proof , but also minimize control efforts among member states food .
the issue of genetically modified seeds should be set somewhere else than here .
standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .
it &apos;s simple , but for ten years it revolves around the pot of flour .
j &apos; plans more critically protection clause that would grant rights to commission him to take its own measures without incurring consultations with member states .
accurate data is a second step , also necessary .
and , on the board , a very large majority of member states n &apos; is not favorable to the idea of mandating the systematic indication on labels , the precise composition of compound feed for farm animals .
madam president , i am sorry to inform you and the assembly of a new maritime tragedy .
( the president cut the floor to the speaker )
the recital in question would be the following , and i quote : &quot; considering c ) whereas the situation of roma does not receive due attention , whereas discrimination of roma should be taken seriously by the hungarian government through the adoption of a set of positive steps that could lead to a free assimilation of persons belonging to the community , considering that it is necessary to find a solution with the creation of an office of minorities and the adoption of legislation in the medium term measures that will promote the integration of roma in hungarian society . &quot;
mr. chairman , i just wanted to clarify that it n &apos; there are more then a recital , but that according to m . martelli , there is a new article 1 .
. i voted against the report brok on the enlargement of the european union , because even if he shows lucidity technical point of view , it follows misconceptions about the future of political ideas europe .
the extension of the union , at least in a first stage , more than 100 million new citizens , give new impetus to the development and integration of the european economy as a whole .
the report clearly states the issues and objectives of the expansion in the field of regional policy , and , in both political and financial terms .
preparatory measures extending over long periods and transitional and specific regulations often spanning many years were needed .
we must respond appropriately to an enlargement that will dramatically increase the number of disadvantaged regions , reflect together with the risk of growing imbalances within the european area to avoid that europe is that a wide range heterogeneous .
so where are the &quot; advanced &quot; for people who don &apos; have never been consulted ?
i fear that even this collection of reports on country reports and cross-s &apos; prove against-productive , especially in countries which have applied for membership in the european union , in particular the countries of central and eastern europe .
and when i see what has been done until now on the subject at the intergovernmental conference , we can not be particularly proud and we should first put our own house , instead of demanding from the candidate countries to make the first steps that we ourselves are not able to accomplish .
that is why , with my fellow meps national front , we want to avoid nations of eastern europe is the error of a &quot; disintegration &quot; in the us-european union .
it is necessary to consider , now , new instruments and new forms of intervention for the benefit of all areas are reported deficiencies in infrastructure and service networks , such as the south of italy .
it is desirable that the candidate country governments continue to strengthen their administrative capacity , so that the acquis communautaire can be applied in these countries even before accession .
and more than tedious accounting exegesis , it &apos;s this feeling - or lack thereof - that will determine our choices of expansion in time , because the construction of europe no longer has meaning if it ceases to be before political .
i take this opportunity to greet the elderly and retirees poland , some of which , however , are organized in a pensioners &apos; party , similar to the pensioners &apos; party which i represent in the context of this european union .
a restructuring of the agricultural sector seems s prevail in a country where the rural population represents 38 % of the total population and 4.9 % of gdp and where agricultural employment is estimated at 27.4 % compared to 5 % in european union .
mr. chairman , i am pleased that the assembly has adopted by a majority of more than 90 % , the excellent report by our colleague m . schröder , who qualifies for the second consecutive year , benes as contrary to international law and human decrees rights , and stresses that they violate the acquis communautaire and that the copenhagen criteria .
as stated by m. wiersma in his report , i emphasized the progress made by the slovak republic for the protection of minorities .
van orden report ( a5-0241 / 2000 )
. ( en ) i welcome the winterbourne report on the request for accession of romania to the european union and i agree with most of the conclusions that he draws .
on the contrary , i have wait to see cyprus among us , but i can not accept this impartiality , in particular paragraph 4 , and the fact that the ratio n &apos; not insist , at least , the need for a political settlement before accession .
as was noted m. soto , we do not expect that progress is easy , and the success of the process of the united nations is far from guaranteed .
it is essential to undertake projects involving the two communities and to encourage dialogue between the two parties in a new spirit of trust .
from an economic point of view , the accession of cyprus should not pose major problems , since the country has a market economy and a high standard of living .
mr. chairman , of course , the pensioners party is particularly keen to food safety and food , it &apos;s so rightly i voted for the report paulsen .
these are , for example , hectoliters of milk contaminated with dioxin that could be legally diluted in healthy milk .
we must continue to denounce the violations of human rights violations in burma .
those of us who are sufficiently comfortable and sheltered to shape their own work environment and social design hardly the terrible discrimination that some face daily , sometimes at the risk of their lives .
what picture of the world may well have a child growing up in an environment that treats differently than others under the pretext that it is a girl , or that it is part of an ethnic minority , or that it is disabled or homosexual ?
during interviews , people from families experiencing social difficulties , neighborhood structures or being with disabilities are often denied .
they fear having to hire people with the values and beliefs which they can not s identify .
she wanted to go to the restaurant , but it has refused entry on the grounds that his appearance would scare away other customers .
civil liberties committee and the rights of citizens has always tried to show that this piecemeal approach gave a wrong political signal , as if there was a hierarchy of discrimination .
the fight against discrimination affects us all .
this parliament is preparing to send , through our votes , a clear message to all our citizens to tell them that we intend to improve the results achieved by the member states for ensuring equal treatment , regardless of the age , race , disability or sexual orientation .
if it &apos;s a sample of what awaits us in the future , i hope that we will submit to many others .
i would also like to compliment m. mann for the result of his work , which is presented in this report .
it n &apos; remains that the report presented by our colleague cashman contains good things , including space given to ngos .
we also decided , rightly , not to include discrimination based on gender in this directive since it is already the subject of a single european directive , which will moreover enhanced by the proposals committee and based on a more solid legal basis on which the parliament has moreover a power of co-decision .
the company needs to develop in the field of complementary concepts for policy and practice .
dear colleagues , i would like to remind that in europe , every time that we applied the principle of the prohibition , the one then had to backtrack . this event occurred in germany , when you wanted to suppress the neo-nazi parties .
italian president s is addressed at this meeting this morning and i have listened with interest that this union n &apos; was not intended to deny the national values .
mr. president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this week is an important week for discussion of our meeting .
and , for the first time , the intervention is different : we do not issue a rain funding , but check the quality of interventions , which we insist. these interventions should then be monitored and their results published .
that is why we will support amendment 18 at the mann report , which calls on member states to repeal all provisions of the penal code which constitute discrimination against homosexuals .
in france , numerous examples illustrate .
and national rights of our 15 countries also discriminate , the socialist france , the france of m. jospin , socialist .
mr. chairman , the vote of the council directive for equal treatment in employment extends the prohibition of discrimination beyond the racial , ethnic and other , which serve as a springboard for discrimination and that article 13 refers .
mr. chairman , commissioner , part of the debate proves , in fact , that we here need a directive , because if we say that europe is mixed so centralizing an area that should in bottom face of the member states , and knowing what s &apos; passed during the previous period in many countries in europe - yesterday on television , there was again a lot of reports on attacks against synagogues jewish , the rape of a woman of foreign origin , etc .. we still have a lot of nerve to dare come and say that europe n &apos; directive not need to fight against discrimination .
i have two more posts .
i think therefore that it is necessary to involve the public and private sector and , in this sense , i consider that the public sector must lead by example .
article 13 of the treaty of amsterdam was a challenge to the european union by giving the community specific powers to launch a varied set of actions against discrimination , so that the same level of protection is guaranteed to all disadvantaged groups .
we must support the amendment 37 of the committee on employment and social affairs , which also provides for exceptions in matters of religion or belief for the people that come into direct contact with members of this belief in the education , social welfare and health care , such as teachers in denominational schools , doctors and nurses in hospitals and hospices , people visiting inmates , counselors and carers for children , the elderly , teenagers , married couples , for which these desirable in social services are provided by religious bodies .
j &apos; congratulate the rapporteur and , in conclusion , i will vote these reports , with the exception of the point that i have mentioned .
mr. president , commissioner , the task to which we work is to be converted into political practice article 13 of the treaty .
i would also like to thank the committees for their support and cooperation in order to achieve a coordinated opinion in a short period of time .
there are three categories of amendments .
the committee is ready to simplify the wording of article 5 in order that this provision be better understood .
we all know that it &apos;s very important , but i must say that in some member states , the collection of such data is a violation of constitutional provisions on the protection of privacy .
i have had to answer more than 50 points and various amendments , and i think i can say that these amendments will be adopted during the french presidency .
you can not claim to respect democracy and human rights if you do not do what is necessary to prevent weapons of death and repression of falling into the wrong hands .
it is clear that many of the weapons falling into the wrong hands because of the activities of arms brokers .
in this sense , the report is particularly effective titley and highlights not only the merits but also gaps , limitations of the report that was presented to us , and the practicability of the code of conduct .
we always strive for a regulation which is more restrictive and more current view of the developments in the market and in the industry of armament .
mr. chairman , despite its obvious merits , the report remains technical and takes a security framework and based on a model of military force , which gives disproportionate weight to the considerations of the military industry .
on the basis of this consideration , i plead for clarity : what criteria prevail in case of conflict between the criteria advanced by m. titley ?
code has enhanced mutual understanding of the policies of member states , it has established an effective mechanism for consultation and stimulated dialogue about the implementation of its provisions .
many of these projects are underway or under study .
in its resolution of 18 may 2000 , your assembly has provided strong support for this project. its implementation is now launched .
s these proposals will add a set of specialized communications representative as other contributions to the realization of the european research area .
c is an important role that it should play .
mr. commissioner , i should like to draw your attention to a question posed for a long time all those who were involved in the research .
there are new formulas to defend .
but this , i would still say to parliament that it is important that this need that s &apos; is expressed and which is moreover an engine of economic development and innovation in this area is taken into consideration at the meda programs and at all external relations programs .
and if i can not give you , from today , in response , that is exactly what i wanted in this guidance note , inviting member states to take a stand because it n &apos; there will be no space european research who hold that the will of the commission .
regarding the program ceca , you know that there was an agreement and that the search will continue .
i am accountable not only to the court of auditors , to the taxpayers , but first to the european parliament , which is responsible for monitoring and approving the budget and i think it &apos;s my job and my duty to say , when i thinks fit , what happens , and to be transparent , respect for the budgetary authority is the european parliament .
i think the ball is in your court , your services have elements , but they must be able to respond .
i think on the 102 spd to be signed , 83 are currently under negotiation . i speak from memory .
as the honorable member of your congregation the pointed , excise duty applied by the uk on gasoline and diesel fuel are used as the highest in europe , but the excise duty on fuel oil and kerosene , provided that they are used for industrial and commercial purposes or also for heating , the excise and excise duty on heavy fuel oil remain well below the highest values applied in the union .
therefore , i repeat , the commission shall have no way to ensure that member states affect the level of excise duties .
the logic of economic reasoning supports the declaration of m. martin .
however , if he offered me a case illustrating this , that a particular region , or that i know i would be delighted to advise my colleague m. barnier .
the removal of borders is undoubtedly considerable progress but we still have to prepare these minorities .
this means a reduction or phasing out of activities for a variety of sectors .
how do you consider the thing , if the swedish government during its presidency was demonstrating the power acting to restore the funding to the ecpat suede ?
remove this aid , would be to go against the priority that the council and parliament wanted that one attributes to fight against pedophiles traffic .
i can not thank m . commissioner s being shown brief , but clear on the issue .
this regulation , comprehensive , multi-point touch the hunting regulations .
i would like the board to give us an absolute guarantee that the rules contained in this document shall in no case s apply to the meat of hunted animals for family consumption .
i will present to the council and the european parliament a report on the implementation in the member states of the community legislation on the protection of animals during transport .
as i have indicated , the commission is currently working on a report on the operation of a directive on animal transport in member states .
these criteria are currently the subject of discussion .
regarding these issues , the commission has already prepared a mandate for standardization institutes so that they develop standards on the use of computers for long periods .
its author was absent , the question no . 12 lapses .
i must say that if we avoid any political contact with governments or regimes that we totally disagree with the attitude to the rights of man , officials and government leaders would travel much less abroad .
aung san suu kyi has long insisted that such a dialogue to take place .
in such circumstances , it may well be that such a mission could be justified .
member states of the eu provide the bulk of the budget of the osce , and the european commission has also provided $ 5 million for equipment for recording procedures .
it is that i &apos; was present at the elections among other 200 observers from 52 countries .
mr. chairman , as to the other have already done today , i congratulate m. titley its report .
mr. chairman , the european defense industry is important , but peace in the world is at least as much .
it is extremely disconcerting to see other european countries s involve now in the production of armaments .
arms trade is unusual that it is the poorest countries that are mainly buyers , countries that , for n &apos; anything else , are not money , but who are to buy weapons .
in its first report , the committee of independent experts noted that the internal control and internal audit were entirely separate activities - even conflict - which does not belong to the same department .
secondly , the proposal from the european commission would have the effect of imposing on all institutions the obligation to appoint an internal auditor .
no parliament has not yet received the official text of the proposal but we could see a preliminary version and i hope that the full text will soon be sent to parliament , i also understand the desire of the commission to ensure that the text is legally and linguistically flawless .
it is also important to keep the possibility of an independent ex ante control , structurally decentralized no doubt , but that is certainly not subject to the ceo being at the head of the branch that is the subject of control .
gold , until now we don &apos; t know anything and as long as it is so , i suggest to this meeting to support the process of reform of the european commission with some skepticism .
i believe that the committee on budgetary control bound to important discussions on this topic and the commission is certainly well advised if it constantly being on this skill in pursuing reforms .
unlike the internal audit , financial control already classic checks before budget that contracts are signed and payments processes .
there is a certain lack of interest , i am sure that even the commissioner to take note that as soon as we reach the goal of this reform which hulten report marks the beginning .
i want to thank both committees - the committee on budgetary control and the committee on budgets - for this debate of great intensity and rapporteurs mm. van hulten and dell &apos; alba , which n &apos; could not be present today .
i find this proposal so wise that i regret not to have it myself imagined .
it goes without saying that we do not pretend to harmonizing legislation to protect minors , not only because , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , each member state is sovereign in the matter , but also because the cultural and moral conceptions and therefore , assessments of these themes differ considerably from one country to another . it n &apos; is , for example , no single definition of the concept of a minor , violence , etc ..
i think we need to educate children to benefit appropriately from the medium , and encourage parents to teach their children to look at what &apos;s worth it and ignore the rest .
must nevertheless insist equally on the fact that we should not rely on the only implementation of filtering mechanisms to ensure a supply of selected programs and identify further broadcasters program responsibilities .
let me tell you , in conclusion , the concern of the liberal group compared to the increasing availability of television programs involving violence and sex .
it is therefore essential that all parties involved , starting with the children through their parents , educators , countries , the european union , to finish with broadcasters and program producers to consult on this topic and learn how to behave and react to these proposals and the impact that they can have on people .
no he is not about to generalize or simplify even if the time is counted in the european parliament , but the examples are numerous .
but subsidiarity must be used to do something , and not a screen .
the objective of such a study will evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach , based on the principles of the approach self-regulation , and my services are to start work and have sent a questionnaire to the member states .
no n has more respect than i even reding and staff that it runs within the commission . i &apos;m sure , when it will meet tonight , it will be able to clarify the issues that i have raised and that it will not only to deliver a prepared statement .
that is why the question researchers must be maintained , mr. evans .
c &apos; is wrong , i believe that the committee has private .
i am very happy that the rapporteur has given opportunities for citizens to be involved in recommendations for mobility candidate countries .
despite some court opinions , the commissioners &apos; recommendations and actions taken at the board level , nothing has been done to address the situation of these players , whose status has been reduced by the italian minister of education .
mrs. reding , m . busquin and its general direction is s &apos; care or training of researchers , nor the problem of the recognition of postgraduate courses or training doctors .
mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen , thank you , first to the rapporteur , but also to all those who are engaged in the committee and in this house for mobility a reality .
our heads of state and government , regional , national governments have realized that education has a role to play if we want to develop the economic , if we want to develop the social .
mr. chairman , it &apos;s a great honor for me to welcome you to the european parliament .
once again , we will guide the destiny of our continent , as had to do the great men of the state 50s .
european economic recovery is today a fact. therefore use the current weakness of the euro , which promotes the competitiveness of our excellent prices , to accelerate the recovery of productivity that innovation can generate both in terms of instruments and modes of production of organization markets .
and this conquest is at this point that gained consciousness that one has &apos; il weakening. two generations now , know that europe , made of interdependence and open borders .
this emerging area allows women greater access to the workplace .
the second theme of this conference ministers will focus on the relationship between family life and professional life .
firstly , guidelines for the job this time were supplemented with quantified objectives. it is therefore proposed to increase the employment rate of women to 60 % by 2010 .
expectations of civil society are strong , and this n &apos; has not escaped who wanted a &quot; proper genderly &quot; charter members of the convention .
participation of women in the market for employment is much lower than that of men , the difference s &apos; accentuated in some countries , especially in the southern europe .
it so happens that i &apos;m a man ! but in the european union , the men and women n do not have the same chances of success .
it perhaps deserves to be emphasized in this chamber .
mainstreaming has been mentioned several times here and i can only m associate with what has been said , that , in terms of economic policy , for example , it is important to start thinking at the sight man woman .
woman , with a choice of nature , is one that covers the future of humanity in it .
it &apos;s really very annoying that these women who , from their kitchen , or accounts of their household refuse the bright future of the euro .
however , the report that is before us is based on a strained interpretation of the principle of equality .
the human being is an autonomous and responsible creature in its relations with , on the one hand , god - the creator - and , secondly , his fellows .
there are already three years ago !
with a percentage of 30 % women , the european parliament is ahead of other institutions .
in almost all sectors , there are still inequalities .
i thank him for his strong commitment and thought in favor of gender equality work .
women are forced to temporary work , more highly exposed to precarious employment and unemployment , paid on average 30 % less than men .
that is why we must assess the real situation of women , we need to develop indicators , we must continue to give binding force to our political action , so that progress benefits all , not just some .
it &apos;s obvious , and associative i am - because i too , like many of you , i have an associative journey of thirty years - knows how associative movements , feminist movements , movements intellectuals , of course , worked to advance this subject , and we , today , we are at our place in our part of responsibility , an institutional role .
i do not despair still improve the text .
i totally agree with the report &apos;s observations and suggestions from members who spoke of the need to change the nature of the report .
mr. chairman , mr. commissioner , this morning , we will vote the council &apos;s common position in which we finally adopt the reform of the community customs code .
finally , amendment 11 , which called for the amendment of the community customs code enters into force before 1 january 2000 , no longer has meaning .
i think , once again , the conciliation procedure , the agreement between the institutions worked well .
the community customs code has enabled to harmonize and simplify legislation seamlessly - which should always be the ultimate goal .
if one considers the delicate balance that characterizes the record , i think that the outcome of a conciliation procedure - assuming that this debate be extended - would rather uncertain .
mr. chairman , on the last vote , i just want to inform the meeting that the committee released yesterday , a press release and that commissioner reding s is expressed yesterday evening so that , as regards report that we have just passed on the mobility of teachers , students , teachers and members of the educational community in general , report to help them travel in europe to study , work or any activity related to field of education , board n &apos; accept any amendments asking him to do anything to ensure that these agreements are respected .
mr. chairman , it s &apos; also is a mistranslation that n does not have the same scope as that which has just been raised .
we liberals support this fact - in the interest of a profitable functioning of the internal market - request by the legal committee to the committee so that it develops a legislative proposal on the place of birth of the customs debt .
this proposal , if it is a step in the right direction n &apos; in no less than many gaps that the report evans remedy .
our position on the recommendation of the european parliament and the council about the free movement within the union is positive in principle , but we want to discuss the following :
it should be integrated into association agreements which have been concluded or to be concluded between the european union and candidate rules that prohibit discrimination protected by the country group article 13 .
the usual principles of the rule of law are thus gradually changed under the influence of an extremist conception of the fight against discrimination , which the european parliament and the commission are too happy to join in order to their noses in all national laws .
it seemed essential to broaden the scope of the program to ensure the implementation of article 13 of the treaty .
in addition , the snp sees this directive as a means to achieve the underlying objectives of the european union in recognizing that equality in employment helps to fight against social exclusion and participates in the , increased mobility of citizens within the union .
it &apos;s been very difficult for the authorities .
it is a question of a very complex area and the proposals are both ambitious and far-reaching .
they also involve discrimination against individuals and organizations considering the scriptures as an expression of the divine word , the infallible rule for everything , forcing the faithful to use those who propagate and practice sexual acts in contradiction with the ethical scriptures .
this distinction affects the transparency of the financial regulation .
although we felt some sympathy over the idea of a political regulation of european production and export of armaments , we are skeptical with regard to the titley report , primarily for the following reasons :
i support the report by my colleague , gary titley and considers him responsible business practices in the field of armaments are part of the acquis communautaire , and that , therefore , the candidate countries should be involved in developing the code of conduct on arms exports , code of conduct should be legally binding .
european states have sold weapons to indonesia whose army is involved in the massacres in timor , the moluccan .
once again , we see this delicate and sensitive issue of protecting our children - who will be tomorrow &apos;s societies - become the subject of marketing to even greater profits .
juveniles are different from adults .
i &apos; m impliquerai personally so that at the european level , the governments of the union are concerned with the appropriate legislation to implement the necessary safeguards which i have spoken .
the 1998 report examines in particular the phenomenon of unemployment and the economic impact of underemployment of women .
equal opportunity in employment , participation in social , health and elsewhere , can not be understood in a context of reactionary policies , across , undermine human dignity , without prospect of , social equity - a company of unemployment , underemployment , without welfare state , a company pricing and commodification of human value .
b5-0784 / 2000 m . salafranca , on behalf of the european people &apos;s party ( christian democrats ) and european democrats , on the crisis in peru ;
the support that the united states brought this character was directed against these aspirations , and this influence must be offset by other influences , positive one , from the european union in favor of human rights and the full democratic development .
it is appropriate that the european union and implies that it does so quickly .
that is why the commission is currently studying with member states how practical assistance can be provided in the best conditions in terms of the preparation of pluralistic and democratic elections and their control .
the fundamental political problem , as stated in the resolution , which is also a way to try to influence the situation in afghanistan , that is to put pressure on the big neighbor that is pakistan. j &apos; will also add the other big neighbor , the people &apos;s republic of china , with which pakistan enjoys excellent relations with pakistan which works at the military level , at the nuclear level .
resolution prepared by all the groups , and i have the honor to stand here in this direction .
eu would again good figure if it put in motion a political initiative at the united nations to reach a peaceful solution of conflicts in the afghanistan .
resolution of emergency today vote , request that the concerns expressed by the parliament repeatedly be translated into concrete initiatives .
the thorny question now is whether the religious barbarism enough to create a front of international opposition against hosts conspirator jihad , osama bin laden .
human rights
currently , for example , a colombian priest , oliveiro medina is located in brazil .
in this regard , i should like to emphasize that the committee supports the peace efforts of president pastrana and done everything in its power to promote a lasting peace in colombia .
mr. commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i think this resolution is important because it speaks of a positive decision of the macedonian government , and unfortunately not all the political forces in macedonia , the law on higher education which will eventually allow minority youth , especially the albanian minority to study in their mother tongue .
extraordinary way , this collaboration has resulted in a bill that was approved in parliament by a majority of mps .
mr. chairman , i will gladly add my voice to that of joost lagendijk to brag about m. van der stoel .
mr. chairman , during the franco-german reconciliation , general de gaulle spoke of &quot; peace of the brave &quot; , meaning thereby a lasting compromise for patriots on both sides .
the allocation of funds is provided in the funding proposal that is presented today - perhaps in this very moment - the flagship management committee .
it is striking that the government and the shipping company s &apos; persist in asserting that &quot; samina &quot; in compliance with all safety standards .
m . papoutsis has &quot; dismantled &quot; a very important service to the department , the management of the inspection of commercial vessels .
i hope that today and in the days and weeks ahead , the commission we will indicate the measures that it intends to take against member states who are negligent in maritime safety the .
equally dangerous is the conduct of supervisors and the classification society , functioning as a private for-profit company , is in fact controlled by the same owners that it is supposed to control .
the first greek king was a bavarian. and this is reflected even today in that a particularly large number of bavarian go on holiday in this wonderful country .
the responsible member of the commission , even the vice-president palacio , therefore intends to include in its work program for 2001 , the question of revising the existing directive regarding safety standards for vessels for the transport of passengers .
the agenda is the statement by the high representative for the common foreign and security policy on the situation of the peace process in the middle east and the elections in yugoslavia .
hope that over the next few hours , i could give you better news . unfortunately , i can not do at the moment .
the serbian people will have the opportunity to once again part of the family of european peoples and to work with its neighbors to build a peaceful and stable future .
david camp but was not a failure either. the gap between the parties has been significantly reduced and some difficult topics taboos have been overcome .
following the example of others , i want to express my concern about what is happening and i would say that parallel , as soon as it comes to this area , we have the impression of treading a minefield and whatever that we say , we are sure to get a reaction .
s is &apos; long overdue for an explosion : hard to believe when peace since the signing of the settlers increased from 141,000 to over 200,000 , when n has no work to feed their children , as my friend talal who is a mason in the colonies , perhaps on land that belonged to his family difficult when soldiers prevent you from moving .
the latest reports that i have received - and i regret having to leave the parliament to go to paris immediately - indicate that the parliament building was invaded by protesters in belgrade and local television are currently in hands of the opposition .
it is essential to get out of a dangerous impasse , in which each partner considers unthinkable the sovereignty of the other on the holy places that are consubstantial him .
israel should not be condemned only if the palestinian leadership continues to use violence by way of option negotiations .
we can do that hope that all those members of the army and the police - in short , they are all men who are there to serve the people and not a dictator like milosevic - is raviseront and that they don &apos; undertake nothing against peaceful demonstrators .
we always have the goal - and i &apos; accedes - a new yugoslavia , a yugoslavia with autonomous states , kosovo and montenegro , but we do not need to know a new dislocation , a new dispute , a new conflict , a new violence , n is not our goal. instead , a new yugoslavia should see the day a democratic yugoslavia , where people remain voluntarily , not under compulsion , not by brutality , but because they are convinced of the possibility of a federation with a birth democratic future , a democratic future with other leaders , without milosevic , which could then - within as yet undetermined - be brought before the court in the hague , because we want justice , but justice with peace .
a general way , do not tell &quot; serbia belongs to europe &quot; , you have the rest discovered very recently .
s &apos; will this be the greatest common denominator or a large majority of the board - the answer is still pending .
statement of the president on yugoslavia
thank you , mr rübig .
before making some specific comments on the issues raised by this proposal for a decision , i would like to express our support for the latter given that it endorses the position of the parliament on relations between the european union and croatia .
it has already managed to enact laws aimed at these objectives .
that is why it is also necessary to the recovery of the economy .
we all share the view that we must help politically croatia , but also political support means financial support for political stability still requires social and economic stability and this can only be achieved if the necessary investment have been made in this area .
third of croatia was occupied , and it is not until after many years this country has been reunified and that democracy could be introduced , which - and we must also point out - led on a peaceful change of government .
up in 1918 , these two regions were dissident parts of hungary with a language , a culture and own identity , which opposed the official authorities .
mr. president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , recent interventions , as well as the proceedings of the day yesterday and today , showed that despite the increase necessary , we all applauded , guarantees in general and guarantees for loans bei particular , we believe that we need a draft set for this region and a lasting settlement , as well as a reflection and a decision on policy and economic policy .
i would like to thank , on behalf of the committee , m. seppännen for his report on the proposal to extend the guarantee granted by the community to the european investment bank loans for projects in croatia .
( the house adjourned at 9 : 45 ) .
it &apos;s in your name that i address their families our deepest sympathy and our heartfelt condolences .
altogether , mr rübig . i will do so .
you know the situation in gibraltar , where a british nuclear submarine down .
i hope we can come back soon on the issue of thousands of other political prisoners in burma and on the lack of democracy that plagues this country .
they made the dream of building a federal state with spinelli president , for example , that is to say , to transform our treaties into a constitution .
somebody wishes he intervene on behalf of this application ?
m. verheugen gave the impression that , in the present state of things , ten countries enter the european union in 2005 and it has also called into question - and that is the worst part - the significance of the vote majority in the council of ministers , which we consider as the basic element of reform to the top nice .
thank you , ms. palacio .
ultimately , we are here in the presence of all the elements that advocate the rejection of the request for waiver of the parliamentary immunity of m . pacheco pereira and , therefore , the socialist group joins the proposal m . maccormick not accede to this request .
so we ask that this method should be strengthened and that it is applied , as was decided to present the board &quot; social business &quot; to the problem of exclusion and poverty .
the committee on women &apos;s rights also encourages access to a system , and worthy enough to be afforded the welfare of all women of all ages and all social groups .
i will first of all general observations on the social agenda , then back to different areas in a spirit of synthesis to meet my time .
the social partners are moreover committed to working on this issue .
i have also found a strong demand to define a true community strategy of the working environment , as regards in particular health and safety .
mr. chairman , i think there are still problems , but we will have to solve in the vote on amendments .
i want to emphasize that each country in the eu has its own traditions and its own ways of solving problems in the social field and in the policy of the employment decisions at lisbon summit recognize this fact .
the basic concern for the general interest should moreover inspire us all to approve the proposal to include recitals related to the employment regulations and merger decisions , today issued by the competition .
my name instead of that of the same figueiredo .
in conclusion , the objective of giving a boost to the european social policy in the face of globalization , the expansion and aging of the population is commendable .
liberal colleagues , especially our colleagues british conservatives have reintroduced a number of amendments , which will reduce the ambitions set out in the program of social action .
a wise and effective blend of economic and financial policies is important to us , and even more the extension of the social economy and the service sector .
these coordinated actions of social policy will also help fight against poverty and social exclusion .
open sites in the social agenda must have a conciliatory coherent legal framework , certainly. policy convergence and policy of open coordination , but s &apos; as supporting legislative action when it &apos;s necessary , themselves perfectly complemented by stringent monitoring methods .
no it does not only important to calculate the cost of social policy , often considered , according to some political views as an obstacle to economic development , but it is also necessary to estimate the cost of the non-application of this policy .
commissioner , thank you for your interesting presentation .
the commission has now defined five areas of action that we consider to be of strategic importance .
we insist , at the same time , the need for action and areas that complement each other in the areas of economic life , participation , representation on a footing of equality , social rights , civil society , roles and stereotypes of both sexes .
this requires that we engage an intensive way in the politics of woman who embraces institutions and policy , we must also move towards greater adaptability expected in strategies of equal opportunities .
we must give the woman a place in line with the vital importance of his mission , and i &apos;m not sure that the same report contributes eriksson .
the cause of women that can not be enhanced by such a decision .
we believe that the creation of a web site is extremely useful , not only because of the increasing use of computer resources , but also because it will help familiarize women with this new world which they can not be excluded .
i hope that it will result in the necessary political impetus to the implementation of the program and the framework strategy .
c is well-known that includes five areas , namely the participation of women in economic life , the decision-making centers , social policy , civil society and human rights strategy , and the new model of gender equality in the media and in education .
mr. chairman , i welcome the report submitted by the commission .
i understand , in the light of recent developments , the commission has decided to adopt a harder line - and rightly so - in respect of south korea .
this is important because of the need for transparency .
when a decision is made to competition policy must take into account its effects on the social , structural and industrial policy if we do not , we dropped competition policy in pure ideology .
as we know , the commission has opposed the merger , which triggered a wide debate on how operate the competition rules and it is important to calculate and estimate the market share .
mr. president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , a hearty thank you to the reports we have heard today , they are not only state of the past , they give the themes of the current debate and already include projects of the commission .
finally , strengthening the individual responsibility of citizens can not create legal uncertainty , but european competition policy must determine the behavior and attitudes outside of institutions .
in his report , m. evans thank you , mr. monti , you be attacked with the problem of determining the policy of state aid .
that is why the items contained in the proposed resolution and put this into evidence , as well as a need for transparency , are particularly valuable .
i believe that together , we make a step forward to better explain the policy to the public .
during the year in question , there were many cases that required the use of a massive amount of resources and which were completed by formal decisions .
regarding korea , m . lamy , who will come here later this week will be better placed than me to update you on the latest developments .
mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen , i present today at the meeting on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , a draft resolution on the report of the committee on the single facility providing medium-term balance of payments of member states .
given the current level of economic integration , financial and monetary , the probability that one or the other member state encounters difficulties related to the balance of payments is extremely reduced from an institutional point of view , but the mechanism should remain in force .
directive which we speak today maintains and guaranteed traditional grape varieties that characterize the culture of the vine in our regions .
it will also tell us whether it will continue to prepare for the arrival of gmos in our food , and now in our glasses , and this , unfortunately , with the complicity of the french presidency and total phase shift with european consumers .
i believe that it is appropriate to approve the report klass , especially after the additional guarantees provided by the amendments , such as the committee on agriculture , which specifies the reference to directive 90 / 220 , such that it will be amended with regard to the appearance on gmos .
ago , ms. klass , a second sore subject .
if we accept this amendment , we could create artificial barriers to trade , which would be contrary to the main objective of the proposed directive , namely the consolidation of the internal market .
i therefore consider that article 7 , paragraph 4 , of our regulation has not been respected .
that is where your legal error , madam chair .
in the social field , i think we should also be able to advance , provided , however , not to touch the principles that the various national social security schemes , which leaves some room for maneuver .
by then , the preparatory group s is well met yesterday to work on a qualified majority on enhanced cooperation on very concrete bases .
i &apos; heard the president of the council , m . moscovici , mention that he called &quot; the spirit of biarritz . &quot;
should be reassured , to tell those who are worried that in no case will question the fiscal sovereignty of states , say to those who s &apos; also worried that he s &apos; is not to merge , including the low the social protection systems , but simply make it function well in an enlarged europe , the common market and the single market .
it is for us an essential criterion for the outcome of the intergovernmental conference to be qualified as a success , that the decision to become the most basic decision in the future within the council of ministers and the european parliament is treated as an equal in terms of legislation in these various materials .
but there is a basic question that i would ask the president of the board to clarify .
in this sense , i would also ask that we clearly decide on the proposal that we do that , we believe , has a political meaning .
this implies that the majority decision rule becomes the board , as well as co-decision of the parliament should be the rule in the field of agriculture , for example .
i also wish success nice and i am pleased that the european populations and many associations , ngos or trade unions , s &apos; invest in nice perspective .
we already know this model in the framework of the cooperation policy of justice .
in this respect , i disagree with the sentiment of the president of the epp group on the question : &quot; a commissioner / member state . &quot;
i would also return the number of members of the european parliament .
how , in these circumstances , can we imagine that there is a change on it ?
that is why i believe that the resolution that we will vote tomorrow , we outsource a very clear mandate to our two representatives , elmar brok and dimitris tsatsos , allowing them to present a proposal in this direction on the nice table .
friserions us , it seems to me ridiculous . i hope that progress by nice may be made on this point .
unfortunately , the more france is the interpreter of his own interests and those of the major countries that proposals could overcome the differences , although m . moscovici is now trying to convince us otherwise .
i must tell you that article 93 , as that is formulated by the presidency , does not answer a simple enough debate .
if the eu treaty agreed at nice completely alleviates the influence and representation of smaller member states , it will be very difficult to defend and approval in referendums in these three countries .
mr. chairman , mr. president of the council , commissioner , about the situation in the middle east , two months ago , in this forum , we were unanimous in welcoming the desire for peace expressed by avraham burg , the chairman of the knesset , and ahmad qurei , speaker of the palestinian legislative council .
the enlargement of vision that he had for some has become a scarecrow , as if he was going to make changes in the balance of power .
it is really disturbing that those who do not want to push reforms further than they are authorized the mandate from their member states are subject to that can be called a kind of blackmail .
mr. chairman , during the plenary session last september , we have lived and shared moments of optimism and hope with abraham burg , president of the knesset , and abu ala , speaker of the palestinian legislative council .
i believe that it is right that we issue again today a joint resolution on behalf of all parties , in which we agree , wisely , that the two parties must make peace , that we can not do as peoples .
we are a force of opposition and i think we have the right to pass resolutions in favor of the charter , different from those of the majority .
this procedure is unacceptable from the point of view of democracy and political integration .
any other approach leads to an impasse .
examples : the european model of limited company , the painful liberalization and privatization of postal services at the community level , opening the energy sector to competition , or the commitment of the process of harmonization of taxation .
anyway , we referred to the intelligent and open work that led to this charter and representative national parliaments , national opinions , took part in this work .
finally , i would like to thank ms. randzio-plath for intervention that it has done everything at the time .
&quot; on our left , karl marx , the revolutionary thinker , denounced and ridiculed the very idea of human rights , because the abstract man does not exist , he said , and that humanity can not be what whatsoever .
thirty years ago , great southern countries suffered dictatorship and has survived under the soviet yoke .
in any case , do not kill him today .
anyone who has studied the issue knows that there is a &quot; mystery &quot; of translations : while the italian version accepts the principle that insularity is sufficient for the community response criteria , the french translation followed by other languages , expresses a different concept and the english translation is exactly halfway and lends itself to two interpretations .
so now i come on each of these points , but briefly to allow time for our discussion .
i would just say thank you to olive , and simply underline that there is , in his text , an attack quite low against the president prodi - he speaks with humor , of course - or even notice that it n &apos; , not quite say how he wished that one reaches the constitution .
then , there are , again , it &apos;s inevitable , but nevertheless questionable , a degree of arbitrariness , understandably , in the choices made by the institute of florence .
i understand that our italian friends - many of them - are between the different language versions of article 158 , paragraph 2 of the treaty , certain nuances or differences , which can lead to different interpretations .
i fully share the desire of parliament that the fundamentals are not changed , but i have noted , mr. chairman gil-robles , opening your hand to relax some of these conditions , that is the point 11 of your resolution and i want , in this respect , show some caution .
we need in the first phase of a constitutional treaty that synthesize a clear and understandable basic principles of existing treaties so on which is based the european union .
it is with reason that our rapporteur strongly emphasizes the requirement that the power of initiative of the commission and the participation of parliament , at least according to the consultation procedure should be standard in all enhanced cooperation .
this work should not be an excuse to delay the enlargement .
has always been the mission of democracy was to reduce the power of the prince .
he would still ask first what exactly is the light of our peoples for europe tomorrow .
finally , what is serious in the ratio of m . olive tautology , that is that it offers up groping .
unfortunately , our hopes were in vain , and because , among other islands pay the different language versions that have been established to this point .
to achieve this goal , we must ask the board nice to open the renewing perspective , deep , able to attract the political consensus and public support .
i hope that the french presidency will find a more imaginative most effective way to ensure the candidate countries and the public through the europe that we are dealing not only important technical issues , but also the political imperative to give stability in our continent by the certain and guaranteed expansion of our european union .
regarding the ratio of m. duhamel , which resulted in important and interesting content at the end of a long work , i must highlight two amendments that our group has presented .
mr. chairman , the question of the committee on constitutional affairs , presented by m . napolitano , to a very specific topic and i think the answer barnier commissioner and president of the board , m . moscovici , is very clear .
must now manifests nice the necessary political will for these proposals , together with others that have been made from time to time , are , through the treaty of nice , a complete set , an institutional framework will enable the european process moving in the right direction , but also the european union to welcome the new member countries in a constructive and flawless .
report ( a5-0290 / 2000 ) m . riis-jørgensen , on behalf of the committee on economic and monetary affairs , on the xxix report of the committee on competition policy - 1999 &#91; sec ( 2000 ) 720 - c5-0302 / 2000 - 2000 / 2153 ( cos ) &#93;
i have reported to the registry .
such texts confirm that the role of the european institutions , including parliament , is to be in the service of a small layer of owners .
that is because the immunity is independent as our institution has a discretion as to the demands that are made , especially on the prima persecutionis .
the vine or vine is an essential element for optimum production of grapes and wine , both in terms of quality and quantity .
regarding scientific techniques , such as ( in vitro ) micropropagation would require that a provision except material production by in vitro culture from meristems , because experience and testing done by institutes from many years teach us that change is observed at these points of the plant .
and if they reported to shareholders of the companies involved , they were , however , paid dearly for their workers , their families and the whole society .
i can not answer that question , mr. fatuzzo , because it s &apos; is an explanation of vote .
for the grant of state , is considered small or medium any company that employs less than 250 people .
the principle of social control by the laws of the market tends to abolish the human being and his creativity as subjects of the economy and production , and a fortiori disinterested well-being of individuals for s &apos; interest in the business .
attempts to further reduce the measures to protect workers , the all-out offensive against their acquired rights , together with initiatives to reduce to a minimum the specific weight of the public sector and compensatory role that the state aid , do that increasing popular discontent and lead other workers in the ways of combat and resistance .
report ( a5-0236 / 2000 ) m . colom i naval , on behalf of the committee on budgets on the interinstitutional agreement on the financial statements .
so we brought the payments of sections 3 , 4 and 7 at a level that guarantees coverage for 25 % of 2001 commitments for each budget line .
if one takes into account , in addition , lines for shares on the market of employment and local initiatives for employment , it is a question of nearly 150 million provided for the promotion of employment in section 3 .
it is still unacceptable that budgetary procedure budgetary procedure , we always fought about the same subjects and in immutable rites .
that parliament represents the citizens of europe .
in the field of foreign policy , security policy , the board should ensure - in the future too - that it stays that way .
the committee of the regions because we worry less at the moment .
we believe that changes are needed and ask the committee to consider the question .
it &apos;s also what the committee proposes and we wholeheartedly support .
that is why , when the foreign ministers meet and take any decision commendable as , for example , that of helping kosovo and serbia , the last of their concerns is to ask if there is the money for this decision and if it must tap into another position as that of development aid in africa , meda or promotion of human rights in the former soviet union .
you close all modesty in the list of rapporteurs .
with a change of 3.5 % in 2001 , the draft eu budget increases in very higher than that s &apos; allow member states under their national budgets proportions .
n the board did not consider it advisable to take the program proposed by the committee , or in the proposed framework regulation or in its draft budget for 2001 .
mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen , mr. chairman , the fiscal policy is always a matter of foresight and , if we are debating today the 2001 budget , the budget for next year , so we have to agree on applications , the challenges to policy and european budget next year and that it is a question to answer .
i would like to especially thank the parliament and the rapporteurs , even haug , m. ferber , rühle and even m . colom i naval .
however , i must also ask the parliament to be open to negotiation .
regarding the question of a potential from agricultural policy redeployment , we will soon submit the new estimates spending needed in agriculture .
when assessing &apos; the reports we looked at , we find that the commission has produced a lot of documentation on the preliminary draft budget , for example , the year 2001 , including a working document containing summaries of the results of several evaluations mainly external .
i think my colleagues would pose a technically correct and politically expedient act by supporting this amendment .
second reading , we propose in particular the creation of a further sixty positions in the european court of justice and that it is not enough only to create these posts , but that we can provide the appropriate budget .
that is why i am delighted that we have finally found a way to set the imbalance of the budget for this meeting unanimous priorities for employment and social cohesion , and j &apos; thank our colleagues in the committee on budgets and , in particular , the general rapporteur , although of course , some wishes of the committee on employment and social affairs remain outstanding .
i would like in this connection to draw the attention of the committee and our meeting on the following points .
j &apos; but add in this regard that a new discussion going on right now in the committee on sugar policy for example .
we criticized the shortcomings and the marginal role of the committee in policy monitoring and control and therefore we believe that we must support this policy by reinforcing a budgetary point of view .
should be funded in part by the instrument for pre ispa the start of projects , so that resources are limited , can be exploited effectively .
yet in 1999 , not less than 3.2 million were returned to member states because they don &apos; have not been affected .
we also hope that this line will be approved .
i would like to draw attention to the fact that the topic on which we receive petitions is that of fraud and financial mismanagement in the european union .
we must remember that other means are available and we do not necessarily have to go through a revision of the financial perspective .
i personally have not endorsed , because one or the other of them is still a little too far .
we want the citizens to have new confidence in our institutions .
however , we are not willing to throw overboard the things that we consider essential - and have been recognized as a result of negotiations with you and the committee - when new things are in the order item .
however , this means that we need to review our policies under the microscope and make cuts .
community management has been grossly deficient , last spring , about three billion euros of unused funds were returned to member states .
it is a fact that the next expansion will put a strain on the community .
especially we call the majority of parliament to ask again if it should really put the whole staff - this is to say , the 400 posts in their entirety - the reservation or if we can take another decision on the matter .
c &apos; is the worst message to give to friends and neighbors around the mediterranean at the time of enlargement .
mr. chairman , the budget of the european union is the best instrument through which the union concretely manifested its political priorities .
can therefore not rely on the additional revenue that would result from the most important contributions of member states .
rather than proceed with the technical analysis of budget or reading amounts in the different columns of revenue and expenditure , the parliament must to have regard to the quality of commitment appropriations and payment , which implies in particular evaluation of the criteria for allocation of amounts and also the assessment of their impacts .
fourthly about the reform commission in procedures and personnel policy , we distinguish what pertains to new admissions and creation - desirable for us - a system of pre-reform permanent and binding .
in fact , the current problem is that we have given too .
if that were the case , we would be in real difficulties and ultimately m. wurtz could be good advice .
question no . 1 ( h-0709 / 00 ) :
j is called the question no . 3 ( h-0714 / 00 ) :
question no . 5 ( h-0776 / 00 ) :
be certain , finally , that the respect and promotion of human rights are , in any event , an essential element of cooperation of the union with third countries .
in the port of buenaventura , 20 peasants killed .
the floor is m. of rossa for a procedural motion .
to the extent possible , the debate should not be academic or theoretical .
object : sustainability tobin-type tax at european level with regard to the recently published by the french minister of finance report , that kind of tobin tax would not be viable if they were introduced by a single member state , what will the french presidency she recommends taking to ensure the viability of such taxes at european and global levels ?
we even know - and it &apos;s an economic argument - that if there was a broad consensus , a small number of financial centers have a real interest in adopting an uncooperative attitude in refusing to apply the tax on transactions on their territory .
i want to remind you that our allies , there are enthusiasts of this tax .
i just want to reiterate what i said , it &apos;s that the actual influence of such a tax on the volatility of currency markets n &apos; has not been demonstrated .
with regard to your question is addressed to the board , namely the idea of a study , think i will pass with great sympathy to the chairman &quot; ecofin &quot; which also happens to be a government minister , which will perhaps respond to the concern of m. harlem desire .
issue no . 15 ( h-0729 / 00 ) :
mr. chairman , thank m. the minister for his answer to the first part of the question , but the answer to the second part , concerning compensation , don &apos; not satisfied .
j &apos; was at a meeting of foreign affairs when it came around this issue .
c &apos; is what we wanted to do in that context .
i think the committee has made a bad impression and that the board has further aggravated the situation by reducing , at the beginning of this year , agricultural expenditure of the commission at the council last july .
i wish , however , to emphasize that six months ago , in this assembly , we exposed including our political priorities .
some members are not aware that my party , the ukip , campaigning for the withdrawal of the united kingdom of the european union .
medium term , we can assess the importance of the decisions that the parliament begins to take today .
for the first point , i think this budget continues to apply the principles of fiscal discipline , fiscal prudence , to improve the efficiency , more effective budget control , better use of resources and the general tightening of spending all of which are essential to increase the confidence of the citizens of the had in the institutions .
it is necessary that the parliament , the council and the commission are stronger and more determined to cooperate as closely as possible on issues such as translation , interpretation , libraries and buildings .
significant changes in terms of organization are underway and we need a new culture that puts the emphasis on a desire delivered to assume its responsibilities within the framework of the implementation of various parts of the budget and , accept the consequences of failure to its responsibilities .
now , the commission fixed 1.07 % and 1.05 % council wants. but it &apos;s a figure of 1.27 which is the agenda .
last year in berlin , it was agreed that the budgetary provisions for agriculture for the period 2000-2006 gbp exceed 506 billion , the 15 members states of the european union would continue to contribute up to 1 3 % of their gdp to the overall annual budget - which naturally includes measures to finance the proposed expansion of the european union , a proposal that my colleagues and i fully support .
this is a political gesture , colleagues , a political gesture , commissioner , that n &apos; has not exactly been welcomed with enthusiasm by the kosovar albanians .
the european parliament has only one way to prove that it respects and that it respects the feelings of the peoples of our countries adopt the amendment that our group has filed about it and reject entire budget .
political and economic leaders of serbia are constantly emphasize that they do not want to depend on our help , but that they are currently in need of this assistance to meet a short-term emergency and that they need this helps to open up the country in the medium and long term , the social market economy and encourage foreign investment it needs .
strategy parliament should aim first to force the board to find new ways to new goals , to avoid that they are pursued at the expense of old ones .
mr. chairman , it seems promising that the board nearly s grant of the most important points , we are able to enforce fiscal discipline while respecting the priorities of the majority in parliament .
perhaps s &apos; is it a transition year , a year of transition between the annoying events of the past year and , perhaps , the annoying events of the coming year .
at the council meeting devoted to the budget , which will be held at the end of november , it should , in my opinion , to take an initiative to significantly reduce the rate of progression of section 1 .
in addition , the maintenance of the aid provided during this exercise for the social component of coal level is essential for the peace of thousands of workers and is quite consistent with the overall amount .
we need to revisit this issue .
fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
i ask that we are given the flexibility to achieve this opportunity to create jobs , to address the employment and be able to put people of northern ireland to work , back to work within a real political rather than consider other reasons why they might not want to agree among themselves .
the proposed regulation , today submitted to the consideration of parliament , is implementing these provisions accept the community rules and establishes the european data protection data , providing practical and adapted to this fundamental right guaranteed .
the free movement assumes that the crime the one effectively combats. and the fight against crime can hardly be successful without effective protection of the integrity .
we know the famous event of this control was exercised .
furthermore the limited reading of article 286 , it would have been possible yet to article 255 of the treaty as an additional legal basis for widening the scope of competence of the regulation .
mr. president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to congratulate ms. paciotti for his excellent work and that time is running out in this field , it &apos;s moreover why we have come this dossier at first reading .
amendments 3 and 11 s &apos; away from the text of the board , but they have been the subject of a political agreement between the rapporteur and the chairman of the board .
the text could be clarified in this sense , perhaps the occasion of the linguistic revision .
article 299 , paragraph 2 , expresses above all a political will , supported repeatedly by the european council and today by our parliament .
mr. chairman , the rapporteur , even sudre , has done an excellent job in preparing his report on the outermost regions .
most of the section on fishing is actually an amendment to the draft resolution submitted to the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism .
for more than ten years , the european commission is sensitive to our problems and our differences .
the outermost regions bring to a europe atlantic , american and african dimension that enriches the cultural , political and economic which we are rightly proud of all .
they can become tomorrow , a laboratory that will provide the best illustration of the effectiveness of its social model .
as you require , madame sudre , as representative of the outermost regions , i also ask for your solidarity to defend the interests of the regions of objective 1 , to that means no reduction could be taken as the remaining handicaps they suffer compared to developed european regions .
thanks to him , the outermost regions have received recognition by the european union , a real right to be different , a right to a specific and special treatment , which is their only reality , totally different from the rest of the territory of the european union .
this is the message i wanted to convey and let me reiterate my congratulations to ms. sudre and all members of the various committees that have allowed us to present today this report .
this equilibrium point , ladies and gentlemen , must be sought first in each case .
in agriculture , we prepare the modification of programs based on posei regulations .
i even think , however , that these new technologies , the internet and all businesses related thereto , are a chance for the peripheral or outermost regions .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
in fact , i wonder if the regulation should not contain any provision to that effect .
colleagues , we the look however at the next desk .
it will be in a seat small , professionally run , accessible to the commission and the parliament , even if the site n is not for now .
that is why the 80 actions outlined in the white paper are absolutely necessary .
food security is a global concern. we can not isolate the products face of the united states or in developing countries .
it must be independent vis-à-vis the member states , eu institutions , and the food industry .
the organization must bear the name &quot; of authority &quot; because &quot; in english , and in most other languages , the word gives the idea of an organization that , in the process of risk assessment , a the power and authority to use from time to time his judgment , and n is therefore not a single representative of what others want that it does .
in this context , i would argue in favor of cheap food , those that buy the families and children eat and youth .
secondly , bowis report clearly indicates that the european food agency is responsible for the risk analysis .
member states have taken the measure , as it &apos;s the case of france has created a national agency for food safety .
it &apos;s this diversity also makes the wealth of europe and their quality of life .
it &apos;s just that the oms for us to work with regional organizations in a seamless fashion .
- ( de ) mr president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the rapporteur , mr. bowis , presented an excellent report , and i would in many respects confirm that he said .
we must apply to the field of animal nutrition legislation , guidelines and stricter criteria .
so i will vote in favor of amendment 16 .
the community is the largest importer and exporter of food .
it will finally be important to see how to reconcile its independence and transparency with , on the one hand , the uncertainty of funds that will be allocated and its subordination to the commission , and the other , with its power of self-initiative and the composition of its board of directors .
gold , the establishment of a european authority for food security contributes to some extent to a high level of health protection .
i have tabled an amendment which , in my opinion , n is not without importance , contrary to what the whitehead colleague who claims that it is superfluous .
i think that alone will restore consumer confidence in an important area of policy for both producers and consumers .
now , the policy will be addressed in a coordinated and integrated , and will encompass the entire food chain .
that is why this food authority is necessary and that is why we give him rightly , all the attention .
that is why i am in favor of amendments 14 and 19 , whose purpose is to formulate principles which should govern the choice of the place of establishment .
c &apos; is in my opinion a reasonable attitude .
i want to emphasize certain points in particular .
mr. chairman , the european food chain is one of the safest in the world but the bad practices and recent scandals have imposed an agenda which our commissioner , m. byrne , responded admirably .
we already have a multitude of organizations and institutions , as well as associations and initiatives , whose responsibility is to ensure food security .
the responsibilities of consumers still exist , despite the safety of products .
probably not , as rightly m. blokland .
the parallel existence - and i &apos; insists particularly on it - the food safety authority and the existing system of advisory committees n has no reason to be .
j &apos; calls on the commissioner , when we go to the series of legislative acts , to avoid possible legislative excesses and bureaucracy , in particular for small and medium enterprises .
i hope that the new proposal still give the attention to these points .
indeed , the food authority is conceived as a center of scientific excellence in serving the community in its broadest sense : consumers , institutions and member states .
it &apos;s quite normal and i concur with the wishes of parliament to have recourse to article 95 of the treaty et152 .
it obviously needs to be done and it is for this reason that we welcome the commission proposal .
in this sense , we must attach great attention to the problem and take action to raise awareness so that he is not forgotten .
the commission can and should play a key role in this area. it will tell us that it intends to do about it also .
by our question , we would encourage the commission to continue on this path and strengthen this initiative .
i also want to emphasize the key role played by civil society , by highly motivated non-governmental organizations and , in particular , by the actors of the international campaign to ban landmines .
we must recognize the characteristics of certain countries .
to come specifically bonino report , i will briefly inform you of the committee &apos;s comments on the very few amendments by parliament that it is very difficult to adopt in their current form .
also looking for capacity building and local ownership , we must be able to make the most of the expertise and existing equipment to where they are .
we must focus our attention on the political real culprits , namely the armed groups and irresponsible governments pay no attention to the civilian population , using anti-personnel mines indiscriminately to sow terror .
the efficiency of resource use depends on a high level of commitment , a proper orientation and responsible management .
i think you and the parliament are in agreement on this point .
let me finally thank bonino same .
c &apos; is something we have to ensure , for to come to balkans , the west and the european union have , in my opinion , their responsibilities if , because of their policy interventions , half of the region is a minefield .
a point on which representatives of ngos m &apos; have made critical during a conversation is the confusion of military activities and ngo established in paragraphs 11 and 15 of resolution .
it is absolutely necessary to prohibit the manufacture of mines within the european union and their export from the european union .
must , i think , strengthen civil obligations within each organization with military activities .
with titley report that we adopted a few days ago , we do it a second complementary not on matters of foreign policy , defense and security , i think that way , gradually , it will s &apos; building as a whole for the european union and will take shape with unique conditions and rules .
mr. chairman , one day in december 1992 , a young shepherd mozambique forgot the danger he believed ruled with peace .
that what it is , we will show , all together , our determination to fight against that should be called a &quot; war of cowards . &quot;
you can not put finland in the same bag as the developing countries where the use of mines have been made up blindly , and the results are accordingly .
finland itself provides a credible defense .
c is in this perspective that moves our effort all these years when in 98 , the north-south central council of europe , which i have the honor to chair , has awarded its annual prize to m . axworthy , foreign minister of canada , to the efforts of his government were embodied in the convention of ottawa .
. i can not resist the temptation to use the words , or rather neologisms , worthy of those listed in the report , to expose your e-pocrisie recurring in the field of employment and social protection .
as members of the swedish liberal party , we consider european integration as an opportunity to help resolve cross-border issues such as those related to the environment , trade , cross-border traffic , human rights and the dealing with conflicts .
similarly , the requirement that there should be a legal basis for ngos to regulate a &quot; civil dialogue &quot; , n is not acceptable .
n it is clear that the right to property and freedom of enterprise concerning the only class of capital owners .
those who want to see the parliament &quot; make echo &quot; claims ( revisionist ) of the most populated countries are for their expenses .
biarritz summit was presented as the decisive summit for the affirmation of fundamental rights , all rights , including those never before imagined , as if the european communities and states that are part had lived hitherto in the most complete chaos .
m . berthu reason the idea of a single state with a single constitution completely undermines national sovereignty of member states .
however , we share the view expressed in the report that the treaty in its current form , leave much to be desired in terms of simplicity and transparency .
this choice must be free and independent , should not be imposed , what might offend the constitutional practice of each country .
nor for the people , not because a line n &apos; refers to the social content of europe .
constitution commit member states on very dangerous ground that could lead to a constitutional court to strip gradually nations prerogatives that states intend to continue to exercise .
the principle of separation of powers and the rule of law
my group is in favor of any attempt to improve them .
that is why we must pray fervently for the success of the summit nice and the intergovernmental conference to simply be able to quickly go beyond .
m . gil-robles and proposes the inclusion of foreign policy and security .
in fact , the european parliament is fighting delay .
however , the current state of these provisions , this mechanism n is not able to function properly .
eu needs of institutional equality in the context of the negotiations for the next intergovernmental conference .
it s &apos; is no head groups , but a diversity , with 30 member states will continue to grow .
the party of pensioners and retirees who support know these islands because that they are vital for tourism .
when our caribbean regions , for example , or the pacific , are in the areas of tax havens that u.s. multinationals , kodak to microsoft to boeing or cargill , used to export massive tax evasion , that is the right to equal geographic competition is s to add the right to equality of all europeans , for we require that part of the eu budget , which taxes lead by example 17 % of revenue , dedicated to the development of life economic , socialist and cultural areas of our compatriots to be geographically outermost , are central to civilization .
however , in all cases , we subordinate our aversion to the colonial nature of this issue to the interests of the inhabitants of these territories .
or , the case of animal meal causing a food crisis , n &apos; is not eligible .
. white paper of the commission on food safety seems at first kneaded first good intentions , since it offers primarily to create a european food safety agency , responsible for managing a network of early warning , and give independent advice to managing authorities .
no this is not at all the view of the white paper , which calls for the services of the agency and those of the commission work closely , as he says with a certain aplomb , &quot; it allow the authority ( agency ) to be responsive to the needs of the commission services &quot; ( page 22 ) .
if recent events offers us &apos; the realities that we looked at , it &apos;s &apos; see for example that in terms of bse , nothing that to restrict itself to the case of france , c &apos; is the existence of a national competent and independent food safety agency that allowed french authorities to take prompt health decisions necessary to protect the population .
in recent days , as you know , the attacks were committed against synagogues in several european countries .
indeed , if we adopt if only that one proposed amendment - you know , colleagues know , i have already said many times - it is virtually equivalent to oppose the iia because we have exceeded the permitted margin payments .
the whole allocation should be included in this line without keeping reserve simultaneously , the funds should be increased by 300 000 to pass 1.8 million .
honestly , i think that we try to mystify the electorate .
section iv court
i simply offer this small correction , if no it is opposed .
( parliament adopted the resolution )
it is absurd that nearly half of the total budget of the union serve each year to subsidize the production and export of agricultural products .
we must work to support the european ideals of openness and democracy and resist the pressure that exercise groups who wish to maintain a european anti-monopoly control .
- ( sv ) swedish and danish social democrats voted today in favor of the proposal of the parliament on the budget of the eu for the year 2001 .
however , we do not want that such a review - and it &apos;s a real case - involves substantial new cuts in the agricultural sector .
considerable sums have already been given to employers in this sector , allowing it to convert into new sectors juicy , while the number of workers - was eliminated jobs - are still unemployed .
must impose a european public service level , to include mobile and internet , meet the basic needs of workers and users .
danish social democrats voted against the report to increase aid to producers of processed fruit and vegetable products .
. ( nl ) - for decades to preserve social peace in the cities , the price of the food basket is kept artificially low .
now , it is absolutely necessary that the portuguese government does not yield so uncompromising and defend the specific national interests of each of these points .
i think we can only help these states if we improve the lives of all citizens : youth , workers , but also - and especially close to my heart - the elderly and retirees who live in states acp .
we do not agree with this measure because , with the distorted application of the &quot; polluter pays &quot; principle , in any case , the total cost of reducing emissions will be paid directly by consumers , that is to say the workers .
i fear that the next climate conference will be diverted from its original goals , and that some will advocate for a relaxation of the requirement that s &apos; were made rich countries to reduce their emissions by 5.2 % .
moreover , the development of nuclear energy and carbon sinks should be excluded from calculations of emission reductions .
s &apos; it proves that these chemicals multiply the probabilities of certain cancers , reduce fertility or threaten unborn life , we can not stand idly .
identify and study the phenomenon of disruption of endocrine systems of humans and animals , validating studies demonstrate causal links between certain products and known in humans or in animal species anomalies ( lower fertility , some defects , some cancers ... ) is a necessary starting point if it respects the principle of precaution while moving a transparency requirement completely absent from the text .
the standardization process can not succeed without a coordinated effort .
in addition , the volume and the number of payments details only represent a negligible percentage of the total amount transferred .
in this regard , we have found , on the one hand , the movement of goods s &apos; was facilitated but , on the other hand , payments for such movements were still hampered by barriers and costs important .
we deeply regretted the european parliament and especially when working in committee that the proposal from the european central bank n &apos; was not accepted .
the orientation of consumers to electronic payment modes is essential - the report rightly emphasizes this point - and we demand that progress be made in this area for the specific common interoperable are binding in the area of wallet electronic .
they discourage the consumer to make purchases at an international level .
according to the documents i have seen , they occupy a share of 0.2 % to 0.04 % .
quite rightly . indeed , while the most advanced techniques and the necessary standards are available , banks are praying to ease the regulatory cross-border transfers of amounts not exceeding 50,000 euros .
exactly as was said even randzio-plath , we can not order banks by political decisions to lower their rates .
ourselves , deputies , but also our employees do not carry out international transfers because of excessively high commissions .
according to the european passport , the arrival of the euro will be the second proof , tangible in life everyday , they belong to the european union .
the report also highlights statistical data that banks must register for each cross-border payment .
the agenda is the report ( a5-0267 / 2000 ) of the same montfort , on behalf of the committee on industry , external trade , research and energy on the proposed decision council on a multiannual program for enterprise and entrepreneurship , 2001-2005 ( com ( 2000 ) 256 - c5-0274 / 2000 - 2000 / 0107 ( cns ) ) .
i hope that the meeting will renew at its plenary vote unanimously that s &apos; had emerged in the commission of the industry .
here we must distinguish and include areas in order to obtain an accurate representation of policies in favor of entrepreneurship .
that is , moreover , in the sense that we ourselves and myself , presented and supported a series of concrete and strong proposals to pass , in the field of sme , speeches realities , giving them access to , innovation and e-commerce , some simplifying customs formalities , ending certain administrative and regulatory differences , developing - and this is significant - access to venture capital , while also developing the euro info centres to amplify the role of information and support to businesses , by shifting the framework program for research and technological development towards greater openness towards innovative smes .
the effective implementation of the acquis is a necessity if we want the enlargement to benefit everyone , both member states that candidates for membership .
we must encourage their action , promote local development from that local resources , both human and material and their relations with local communities .
mr. chairman , commissioner , sme , that they offer goods or services can not survive in the market if their order books are full .
protection of intellectual property rights at the european level is our third concern , mr. chairman .
we all know that our time has become more vibrant as a result of the use of mobile phones , e-mail and the internet , which obviously offers new possibilities know .
the preamble speaks sme , emphasizing the fact that it can also of course act of firms employing 500 employees and artisans &apos; n &apos; using only two or three people in the whole they represent more than 99 % of businesses in the union .
the multiannual program , due to financial constraints , recognizes simply , in my opinion , the problem and gives a positive sign and an encouragement policy , without being able to provide substantial assistance or more to reverse the trends that dominate today in the field of economy and literally crush smaller sizes in all areas .
the problem of small and medium enterprises , it &apos;s that they do not have much of a lot of resources to go s inform , to seek what grants and what grants are available to carry out the administrative tasks that national governments impose more more .
must be taken into account in the implementation of the program but are no place to mention them separately in the legislation .
the multiannual program s &apos; focus on improving the modus operandi of small and medium enterprises .
or fortification of borders or police repression measures may stand in the way of those who claim a share of the prosperity that we enjoy .
i think this is unfortunate , although that group did was not wrong because it puts its finger on the real problem and trying to identify the appropriate solutions .
to get there , you must take action in two different directions .
in recent days , thanks to heaven , positive signals have survived balkan indirectly involve albania .
it is very difficult to recognize that western europe is to seek today to implement laws to punish those in hiding grandchildren that n anne franck has not had .
the construction of schools and centers of receptions for children is a priority .
these actions confirm that the purpose of the european union must now be the basis of the structures that will respect democratic rules that will recognize and respect the rights of minorities in albania .
for this , it is essential to develop coordinated programs of repatriation and especially to appeal to non-governmental organizations and international organizations .
economic growth overcomes the difficulties in the areas of crisis .
it is a question here of a fact which consciousness must mature in all of us .
mr. chairman , the conclusions of the tampere summit demanded a strengthening of the external action of the european union in order to achieve the goals of justice and home affairs .
i would also like to mention three points of view which the commission attaches particular importance .
the committee on legal affairs and the internal market explicitly calls on the committee to resist legislative pressure that it condemns itself .
my group wants a strong union that fully assumes the tasks assigned to it , a union that creates an effective internal market and that actually makes it possible to strengthen the social and regional cohesion .
i have noted with great pleasure that amendments 3 , 4 , 5 and 6 , which are in my hand , have been approved by the committee on legal affairs and the internal market .
&quot; the same story m &apos; comes from the island of islay , where s is unworthy of the protection project of the local seal colony by a major international institution , because we believe the people have taken better care of seals during the last 2000 years than will probably be a larger organization in the future .
it is indeed important to invite them to participate fully in a better application of the principle of subsidiarity .
the second paragraph of article 5 of the treaty establishing the european economic community is incomprehensible .
regardless of the reasons that have led to this error , it is certain that it is motivated by the ongoing initiatives relating to legislation emanating from the commission .
in other words , mr. chairman , the subsidiarity principle is probably the principle that recasts , resumes and summarizes that is european integration , because it is s &apos; is that finally the political will included in the treaty .
in fact , this review of the existing acquis communautaire is often a very useful exercise to show that it &apos; s not always necessary to legislate at eu level or that a law is too detailed to be a legislative act of community level .
i hope we can continue this debate , not as a matter of routine thursday afternoon , but as part of the central debate of all community legislation .
these costs still exist , whether in cash or on cross-border payments .
passivity is the best guarantee of maintaining costs at their current level of discontent that they generate .
deal with this situation and the imminence of the possible start of negotiations next monday in brussels , the commission will not give us - i think - a lot of hui &apos; information today &apos; , given that the meeting will precisely place - this is what we hope - from monday 30 .
i do , from the top of this forum and the weight of the european democratic representation that we have an appeal to common sense and wisdom of both parties , who hold the 30th , in brussels , a meeting at the highest level - european commissioner for fisheries and the moroccan fisheries minister , if , as i hope , announced his presence in brussels is confirmed , as well as technical delegations , with the secretary of state for foreign affairs of morocco , if his coming is also confirmed with the director-general for fisheries of the european union to the head - to engage seriously and find solutions .
mr. chairman , commissioner , tomorrow will be the anniversary of our previous debate here in parliament on the subject of morocco .
i wish commissioner skill and success and i welcome the moroccan delegation .
moroccan agriculture enjoys preferential treatment for its exports to europe .
no it is nothing to add if n is that fishermen do not understand the situation and that they are extremely disappointed that the negotiations on the agreement with morocco protracted .
mr. chairman , we are in the presence of the third agreement with morocco that most interests our spanish and portuguese friends , who provide the bulk of the fleet , although some french and some swedish are also involved .
it is actually easier to defend the suburbs than to defend morocco .
it can not contain given that it happens three days of a key date for the negotiations , but , precisely because of the proximity of this key date , i believe that we must be very careful about in the drafting of this resolution .
we speak of a territory which does not belong to morocco but is administered by morocco .
mr. chairman , it &apos; s not the first time that the right to fish again in moroccan and saharan waters contained in the agenda .
first , it should be noted that the fisheries agreement with morocco is by far the largest of the european union , since it represents more than 30 % of all catches of the community fleet in the waters of third countries .
mr. chairman , mr. commissioner , i will not repeat what has already been said this morning before the meeting and said that for almost a year .
history shows us that it is precisely the neighbors who have often had a difficult time between them , and the idea of the european union is to overcome such problems with neighbors .
i think if we get to morocco in a european orientation , morocco will also discuss what is outstanding , and we will discuss the issue of natural resources that are common resources , and that it n &apos; give more priority to vessels of third states .
thank you , mr. commissioner .
it s &apos; is not language teachers , but an example of how to concretely door europe citizens .
mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen mps , if not assistants italian language in italian universities is well known to the commission and most european institutions .
each member state is fully competent to determine the rules governing its own public service .
what is this injustice ?
mr. chairman , politicians sometimes entrusted with the difficult task to tell their constituents that despite the undeniable sincerity or moral merits of their claims , it n &apos; there is sometimes no legal recourse .
no one would deny that the italian republic has full power in 1995 or at any other time , to say &quot; we don &apos; lettori commit more in the future , we will hire people to a new type of post . &quot;
to date , the european commission does s is hardly shown wishing to implement treaties when the number of people involved is reduced .
we defend the economic internal market .
we are again in the middle of a procedure offense and we hope the court will give its opinion as soon as possible .
that said , i hope that our discussion will help promote a fair solution for language teachers in italy .
colleagues , as you know , in the last month , four new victims have come s to add to the list of those unsustainable in spain , lost their lives in terrorist attacks in the eta .
approval of the minutes of the previous meeting
somebody wishes he intervene to this request for referral to committee ?
it is necessary therefore that to advance the time of the vote .
mr. barón crespo , i want to be sure i understand you .
j &apos; appeal to you all to let you know what you are signing , if you sign this call .
seventy percent of irish trucks , irish carriers must either go in the uk or through the uk to go to europe .
( a5-0313 / 2000 ) m. marinho , on behalf of the committee on civil liberties and rights , justice and home affairs , on the initiative of the french republic with a view to the adoption of a council framework decision on money laundering , the identification , tracing , freezing , seizing and confiscation of instrumentalities and the proceeds of crime ( 10232 / 2000 - c5-0393 / 2000 - 2000 / 0814 ( cns ) ) ;
the fight against money laundering is of course one of the main priorities of the union , as has been rightly pointed out last year at the summit in tampere .
in conclusion , the parliament has considered carefully and this portuguese benevolent initiative , but we are not satisfied with the limited scope of the revision of the convention of europol proposed .
article 6 , it allows the extension of additional requests for assistance , and with article 7 tax exemptions are no longer acceptable to deny legal assistance .
it is for these reasons that i support the proposals that have been submitted but i &apos; took the opportunity to announce that a lively discussion s will engage soon with the board about the common position on the second directive on the fight against money laundering .
if &quot; european police &quot; receives this gift from heaven for a possible self , it will everything possible to curb the ambitions of democratic control of the european parliament given the current deficiencies in terms of the structure and the lack of unit on the bottom .
i welcome this debate .
this must be done via a majority vote ( we offer the two-thirds majority ) , and we also want parliament to be involved in the dismissal of the director , if that should be necessary , by a majority vote of two-thirds .
he enjoys the support of the public and it is necessary for the future .
question : is there a state in europe or region of the world , the united states , for example , which has already set up the single judicial area and has been effectively prevent the laundering of dirty money ? or , could it be that the name of a real problem , we seek to encourage communautarisation of vital institutions related to national independence and popular sovereignty of member states ?
this report contains a visa on the appeal of geneva against which the pep band will vote , not because we are opposed to the use of geneva , but simply because , as a parliament , we must ensure quality legislation .
but we do not forget to fill europol of sufficient staff and financial resources to that europol can actually take the skills we transfer him .
this framework decision aims to fight against organized crime , which is the origin of money laundering , and not against minor offenses to lower criminal implications that could come distort the purpose of this framework decision if they were to be considered in this context .
that is where the state , through the police and judicial cooperation , can occur with greater efficiency to combat organized crime .
however , to be honest , i think this initiative n is not an ideal opportunity to take decisions on the matter .
the picture may look dark , but there is reason to hope !
the same report gebhardt particular emphasis on these three points .
member countries of the european community participate on the basis of their legislative , executive and judiciary , in accordance with the principle of human rights and common values .
we also , as even palacio , we hope that this judicial cooperation unit soon cease to be temporary , but as radical deputies , we are not willing to renew the experience with europol , when the constitution of unit &quot; drugs &quot; has resulted in the creation of a superorganism in constant evolution and expansion , which is beyond the democratic control of national parliaments and the european parliament .
it must be based on common assessments and be the subject of a broad political support .
without some cooperation , we can not maintain the rule of law in a european union that applies the principle of free movement .
criminals should not be any doubt about their supranational .
committee looks forward to your report , ms. gebhardt .
and this work tracking is precisely that , although in this case , it really is a little late .
finally , as regards fishing - which is my workhorse - i assume that the three parts s &apos; endeavor to ensure a positive development in the future .
simply suggest that we need to revisit the whole process , not only with regard to the annual report of the court to be released tomorrow , but also with regard to special reports such as this one .
i would like n to address a few points that are absolutely crucial , in my opinion , for future work to control spending on research activities in general .
but i want to emphasize that no fraud or misappropriation n &apos; were observed .
but i would still like to make a point , it &apos;s that a joint financial responsibility n &apos; is strictly speaking not possible in the context of the framework programme , which to form consortia composed of different entities , universities aims , the sme , large corporations , institutions , public or private research .
therefore , the procedure is initiated , but we enter the area of jurisdiction of the member states and , then , we are not always masters of the time .
approval of the minutes of the previous meeting
madam president , let me first of all , as a member native of salzburg , to you my sincere thanks for the words of comfort and reassurance that you found yesterday .
i think that if we want this charter is the foundation stone of a european constitution , it will be completed in the future .
it is a question here on the evidence of a major political decision and an opportunity to demonstrate to european citizens the full extent of this initiative .
charter is then a text entirely consistent .
i &apos;m sure the members of the convention that s &apos; express here will confirm .
i have heard your rapporteurs wish that the new charter is the preamble of a constitutional treaty and we know that i &apos; am , for my part , favorable. but i would remind you , because we are required to high accuracy with respect to what is happening today , that in biarritz , the european council has not been able only note that a majority of member states weren &apos; not ready to discuss , at least for the moment , the integration of the charter into the treaties .
on behalf of our group , i would like to expressly thank not only all the members of my group , but also , more specifically , ingo friedrich , vice-president of the parliament , who coordinated our work .
the european union is today much more that an economic community .
this is our proposal .
it took several weeks of battle to include the right to strike .
second , it fills a gap in the protection of fundamental rights of people living in the union .
that is why we believe that the charter is important , as a position of principle , only because it launches a debate. a debate that we deem useful for the future but also has yet to develop , to be held in parallel to the process of unification .
we can guess behind the vote on the bill to establish a program for the first part of a constitution that could be called the united states of europe .
gold , we want a thriving europe , prosperous , a europe that grows. that is why we wanted and needed to discuss these roots .
this scope , i want to say a word .
combined with the prohibition to exercise discrimination , this respect is the foundation on which can to rely , subsequently , measures to ensure the position of minorities .
in life , nothing is perfect and declaring rights , but not to defend effectively does not come to perfection either .
no it is never too late to start .
this charter seems to be a bad copy. it creates confusion in the legal profile , eg when it states in paragraph 2 of article 2 &quot; no one shall be condemned to the death penalty &quot; - here , no problem - and adds &quot; or executed . &quot;
even point to the address of the president of the council as an old member of a high court , i can assure you that the overlapping jurisdiction of different courts quickly generate a divergent case law and that it is therefore s &apos; expect this divergence .
reference to article 6 makes sense to me and i think the chairman of the board should take note of about m. barón .
c is an important issue in the post right now , given the fragile political situation in one or the other member state .
the charter of social rights is a step backwards compared to the legislation of many member states , and this game just by referrals , will serve as an instrument for change or diminish .
mr. chairman , the charter highlights the existing rights , while accomplish europe historic progress .
mr. chairman , the proposal and the approval of the draft charter of fundamental rights should find a broad consensus .
attack also notes that trade union rights are passed over in silence , and considers that the text , in fact , aims to establish free movement of capital .
well , this charter provides additional protection to the most vulnerable citizens of our european society , which is positive .
firstly , they must include a reference to the charter in article 6 of the treaty on the eu .
for many years , we discussed the opportunity for the european union to accede to the european convention on human rights , as it &apos;s the case of its member states .
mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen , we are about charter today to vote with conviction europeanist certainly is a step in the direction of the construction of the political europe in which we firmly believe .
it is important not to destroy the authority of these two bodies .
my colleagues in the committee on civil liberties m &apos; have the honor of appointing me as rapporteur on the rights of man in the union .
charter has many supporters but also many enemies we listened to critics who do not want a political europe .
for each text would be too restrictive or too late compared to some of the reforms that he might dismantle and for others it would be empty or insufficiently restrictive .
i remember that these , for example , which was heard , represents 60 million workers in europe , several hundred ngos were consulted as citizens simply have been able to bring their contribution and that some of their proposals were selected by the convention .
the vote will take place at 12 noon .
our parliament shall , within this forum and during its deliberations , make it very clear to our turkish partners that they don &apos; t have to worry about any european desire to interfere in their internal affairs , but we are their propose a contract being more precise definition , on the occasion of the accession partnership , mr. commissioner , and of course the convention on the charter of fundamental rights .
if we wanted to set conditions , it should have been done last year , on the occasion of the earlier decision .
i think the excellent report m . duck reflects the desire of yours to complete this process of pre-accession turkey , while showing a large and legitimate vigilance with regard to the still considerable that this country has yet to initiate reforms .
mr. chairman , mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen , i would first like to thank very warmly mm . duck and seppänen for their very constructive and informed reporting on political and that this debate comes at a very opportune time , at a time when we are in fact able to give a decisive turn can be the relationship between the european union and turkey .
i confirm once again that we must be concerned about the lack of respect for human rights and minority rights , we need to be concerned about the role assigned to the army by the constitution , we remain deeply concerned about the situation of the population of kurdish origin and the state of emergency which is held in the four southern provinces of the country .
on this point also , i agree with the report widely m . duck .
given that this special program of 450 million , the union will guarantee 65 % , specifies that on the basis of a provisioning rate of 9 % , the amount that should be transferred from the reserve to the guarantee fund s &apos; student that to 26 million , he don &apos; have to budgetary impact only in the event of default , because it would then have to use the warranty .
at a meeting at which i &apos; ve been involved unfortunately , the majority of my group decided to support the proposed amendment 25 .
tufted report and the accession partnership committed the european union to turkey &apos;s candidacy .
that is to say , i propose that the european parliament itself organizes a debate on the genocide in armenia , the majority will follow and we will extend the debate in turkey .
any other route would benefit those in the eu and turkey , do not want this membership .
mr. chairman , tufted report is alone , perfectly reveals the fundamental contradictions of the european approach with regard to turkey .
parentheses , there are about ten days , the ultra-nationalist mhp party said in all solemnity , at its congress , &quot; the superiority of the turkish race .
report ( a5-0279 / 2000 ) of the same paciotti , on behalf of the committee on civil liberties and rights , justice and home affairs on the proposal for a regulation of the european parliament and the council on the protection of individuals individuals with regard to the processing of personal data by the institutions and bodies of the community and on the free movement of such data ( com ( 1999 ) 337 - c5-0149 / 2000-0153 1999 / ( cod ) )
i remember that having given this great power of control over european databases to monocratic body - with all the respect and trust that we have the controller - seems to be a moment of inattention vis-à-vis the centrality of the human person , in front of computer power , must have a framework of rights and freedoms guaranteed .
gold , it is necessary to adopt a set of rules governing the protection of data , because the institutions not only internal data ( such as data on their autonomous activities , budget and staff reports ) , but also data collected from citizens in the context of the accomplishment of the tasks of the european union ( eg , the grants , the investigation of competition cases , public tenders , work or studies and statistical data the preparation and implementation of legislation ) .
the charter of fundamental rights of the european union is far behind the declaration of human rights of the un or the european convention on human rights , but also behind many constitutions members of the european union countries .
we , members of the communist party of greece , are voting against the text that is not only unnecessary , but also dangerous .
items that tend to impose new obligations unfounded .
sos democracy rejects the charter of fundamental rights for three reasons .
c is article 52 which we feed the more anxiety. it provides that the rights mentioned in other places in the document can be ignored when they conflict with the &quot; objectives of general interest recognized by the union . &quot;
and this is so that it gradually permeate through the case law , all of our national and european rights !
more , i would have preferred a charter not only on the &quot; rights &quot; of citizens , but also on the &quot; duties &quot; of these to society .
the daily news - shipping or mbm - tells us that we must regulate and control many more markets and economic and to oppose the vested interests of profit and short-term traders .
before such a binary choice , my vote is unambiguous , it approves the advance is that this charter , however on very advanced , both in content and in the scope of this text .
between the failure to prevent access to work and action to allow it , there are more that a nuance .
doing so , however , it does not meet the ambition of the eu which is to be a union of nations and their citizens .
for advocates of european federalism , this catalog of rights is the embryo of the future european constitution , the constitutions of the member states will s &apos; adapt .
end to end , its development has given rise to a series of coups .
that is the lot of this process so that to lead to texts that s &apos; necessarily align the lowest common denominator .
the arguments put forward by the european parliament are quite misleading .
the fight against money laundering takes place in all cases , at various levels and we do not believe in the necessity of having to define criminal frameworks for this type of crime at the community level .
however , these practices are clearly against the interests of humanity and the maintenance of our living environment l .
this will be an important instrument to bring criminals to justice throughout europe .
this is what , i hope , will not occur with the application of this document .
gebhardt report ( a5-0317 / 2000 )
( the sitting was suspended at 12 h 52 and resumed at 3 : 00 p.m. )
turkey n &apos; has not evolved far as it had been hoped .
the remaining reserve for the guarantee fund is now so low that it could prevent the union to use the bei , if it were to produce new events requiring financial efforts of this type .
it is a question of the first serious step accomplished in the accession process of turkey , so that this process reaches the stage of practical application .
as it will not be the case , i do not think that parliament should act differently .
turkey must recognize the truth !
regarding the armenian genocide , i fully agree , mr. chairman , that it should not be an obstacle to the accession of turkey .
our rapporteur , mr . duck , deserves kudos for quoting the solution of the cyprus problem among the prerequisites of membership of turkey .
are also positive references to the cyprus issue and the withdrawal of occupation troops , as well as to the need to respect the decisions of the european court in the loizidou case , for example , the need to find a political solution to the kurdish problem , the bombing of iraq .
i think it &apos;s precisely this balance that promotes the ratio of m . duck .
i don &apos; t have to give advice or criticism address the parliament and i &apos; m keep .
i thank the president brok allow me to take on the mediterranean policy of the union , as we are today , you know , on the eve of the holding in marseille , the fourth conference of ministers of foreign affairs of the euro-mediterranean partnership .
and when we launched the partnership in 1995 , we moreover consciousness to initiate a work long term .
m. brok evokes financial resources .
mr. chairman , that the chairman has already answered the questions i &apos; ve not even asked shows his faculties .
we should try to help provide the people of palestine the chance to work towards its own development , their own future and the birth of his own state through an agreement with israel on the basis of security the state of israel .
in fact , we ended negotiations with egypt there eighteen months and i now want to proceed quickly with the implementation of the agreement and then full signature timely .
the next few years , the success of this partnership still endorse more important than ever and i hope that this week in marseille , and the following weeks , we will be able to ensure that any company that acquires even more momentum and energy that n has been the case in the past .
indeed observed that bilateral difficult to negotiate , ratify and long dimension for the moment dominant risk of mold growing economies of these countries according to their trade with the union , hindering the development of south-south dimension , also due to the difficulties encountered by partner countries to build bridges of cooperation between them .
a few days ago , during meetings of the economy barcelona circle , the secretary general of the council , m. solana , told us that the priorities of the eu &apos;s external action were , first of all , our neighbors. gold , our nearest neighbors are the mediterranean .
then , increase the regional budget to allow cross relations , trade , but also the protection of the environment , the fight against terrorism and drug trafficking , the migration and integration , and progress towards human rights , as we have requested .
( the president cut the floor to the speaker )
under these conditions , it should be possible to arrive at the extraordinary summit in marseilles , an agreement that not only highlight new dividing lines within the eu .
if current trends continue , there are reasons to be pessimistic .
mr. chairman , to return to the conflict in the middle east , there are less than two months , the chairman of the parliament israel and that of the palestinian assembly have in this chamber , joined hands to those of the president european parliament to invoke peace and harmony . meps s &apos; are strongly united in applauding the gesture .
also in marseille , the other summit brought together members of association of trade unions , political organizations from all sides of the mediterranean. those looking together so determined responses to the needs of their populations .
the debate is closed .
however , i wish to highlight two major political axes .
concretely , reducing their presence on the board of directors of the agency .
it is crucial that ngos are involved but also that they do demonstrate a degree of coordination between them if we want that their action is more efficient and that it s &apos; extends throughout these regions .
at the same time , to give it content and cultural meaning , not in abstract or generic terms but in terms of solidarity , we have introduced amendments that have been favorably received in the commission of the industry . i think these amendments are used to characterize , on the one hand , economic , civil and solidarity with the return of affected areas as a reality and a normal life and , on the other hand , the possibility of cultural solidarity and institutional - j &apos; emphasize the word : institutional - for these areas feel connected to europe , but also on the civil side , in terms of cultural initiatives .
i also think that it will avoid duplication between the board and the management board and unnecessary ritual and meetings of their members , while the director responsible must still take the necessary decisions at the right time .
in one year , while the kosovo crisis is still fresh in our memories , much progress has been made , and the internal dynamics of several countries ultimately strengthens the role of the international community .
their political fate will depend inter alia on the success of the assistance of the european union .
and we are pursuing two objectives : first , the development of regional cooperation , then the implementation of a genuine political reconciliation between these countries and the european union .
we hope that it is more efficient and faster in the implementation of programs which the commission will delegate the execution .
he consolidated his victory , but at the same time , s is shown skillful in its relations with other leaders in the region .
they had requested , at the european council and in the report on the development of european military capabilities and civilian crisis management , as rapid financing mechanisms , such as the creation by the commission of a fund reaction fast , are set up to allow an accelerated financing of the european union to contribute to operations run by other international organizations and finance , as appropriate , the activities of ngos .
the constant postponement of the referendum , the observed failure of negotiations in berlin on september 28 , raise very serious concerns and disappointment among the population .
whatever the outcome of the referendum - independence or attachment to morocco - i think that is the democratic way , and therefore effective , which will finally resolve this conflict .
transport of nuclear material france is made pursuant to a relevant legislation. it is a question particularly of directive 94 / 55 / cee council of 21 november 1994 on the approximation of the laws of member states relating to the transport of dangerous goods by road and directive no . 96 / 49 / cee of council of 23 july 1996 on the approximation of the laws of member states relating to the transport of dangerous goods by rail , which apply to the transport of nuclear materials and set various technical requirements for vehicles , brands and packaging .
the union also uses all available instruments under the partnership agreement and cooperation to contribute to an improvement in relations between the two countries .
the european council feira in june , asked the board a rapid implementation of control measures against the smuggling contained in the conclusions of the tampere european council in october 1999 .
i confirm that the reading is made by m. martin. it is a question well to fight against criminal organizations involved in trafficking of human beings , and not to return to the texts of tradition allow potential refugees to exercise their right to seek asylum in the territory of the ; union .
however , the board remains concerned that these crimes are often held in intolerable conditions .
not tonight , and then i &apos; come to the answer , because i know the minister and i &apos;ll give you an answer from the board .
on the tour of the head of state , the president of the republic , jacques chirac , of course , it s &apos; stop in vienna , it &apos;s obvious .
that said , i would like to say , dear lady , whom i love austria and whom i love the austrian general .
the board have therefore indicate what response it brings the point of the letter m. cem where it argues that one can associate in the partnership agreement of the cyprus problem and relations eu-turkey and that this association would be a violation of the conditions established in helsinki ?
we are faced with a situation about which i would like m . minister meets me . firstly , in the conclusions of helsinki , it is said that the solution of the cyprus question is not a prerequisite for the accession of cyprus .
the agreement will also take into account the need to ensure sustainable use of resources and the need to contribute to the development of the moroccan fisheries sector .
the agreement provides that morocco would have a period of two years instead of five , and he wants , moreover , that the european union continues to pay him 21 million pesetas that it currently pays .
issue no . 13 ( h-0854 / 00 ) :
mr. chairman , that is a point of order , it is twenty minutes before the end of question time , and given that there are very few members present , we do not risk being late .
about energy efficiency , the commission presented a plan of action at the council meeting last may .
the objective of the european union on cuba , such that it has been established in the common position on cuba , adopted by the council on 2 december 1996 , is to encourage a process of peaceful transition to pluralist democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and that a sustainable recovery and improvement of living standards of the cuban people .
object : violation of the sovereign rights of greece by turkey turkey challenged de facto sovereign rights of greece : greek has intercepted aircraft participating in the exercise destined glory of the treaty organization of the , north atlantic , n &apos; met or area of flight information ( fir ) of the greek ten miles or air to plumb limnos and ikaria corridors , has disregarded the opinion of legal service nato and departed plans exercise established by the allied staff , which led the greek authorities to withdraw their troops .
i do not know if this will appeal to everyone but it is a question of a historical fact that we almost take note .
commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , a few members who have found their way to this house , i would like first of all cordially congratulate the rapporteurs , especially the reporter here , for his work and for the excellent collaboration .
we need to not spend our money elsewhere if the desire to achieve the goals failed !
i believe that they are a part of policy initiatives that should continue developing so that we can make new designs .
member states are broad statements of intent which must however be followed by concrete financial commitments .
these two proposals address two key priorities of the union : provide assistance to the southeast europe and provide such assistance as quickly and efficiently as possible .
the european parliament can be proud of these results as well .
to be clear , we can agree on the merits and provided that changes be made in some cases to their wording , amendments 1 , 2 , 5 , 6 and 7 , part 11 , part 13 of the 16 part , 17 , 18 , 19 partially , 20 , 21 , 24 , the first part of 28 , 31 and 37 partially .
thank you very much , mr. commissioner .
they are committed to promote and protect fundamental human rights and to ensure respect for democracy , the rule of law , equality , justice and the environment .
finally , the leaders agreed to encourage the intensification of inter-parliamentary contacts , as foreseen in the framework of cooperation .
it is positive - i definitely want to emphasize this - that there was agreement on a framework program for collaboration between asia and europe .
the point of view of fellowship program , we find it incomprehensible that the secretariat has its headquarters in seoul .
this control should be transferred to a community body to clear the common fisheries policy is applicable to all member states and all ships and professionals regardless of their nationality , thus avoiding any risk of non-compliance with the principle of equal treatment .
would mean , first of all , not merely to respond to actions such as the agreement of the galapagos and its clear intention to unilaterally extend the jurisdictional waters of four countries , regardless of the minimum standards of law international sea or attempts against arbitrary eviction of community fleets , some of the few that carry with them the standards and strict regulations .
the development of the regionalization of pcp will be crucial for the establishment of local actions .
we support regional fisheries organizations , we ask that there be more regional fisheries organizations and the committee there is more weight .
we are in an extremely difficult position of trying to find a happy medium .
the commission s &apos; is the conclusion of its communication regarding control activities , nafo is an exception to the rule , it can not become the rule .
pork ( cmo )
the commission proposes in this regard to incorporate into the cmo a new tool : the regulatory funds .
the last , which s &apos; is extended from the middle of the year 1998 at the beginning of 2000 , resulted in a price drop of over 30 % .
sector pork is the only sector to have to adapt themselves up to the present market conditions without too much intervention , such as subsidies to private storage and export , and it has to rest well .
c &apos; is a proposal that the u.s. has already done too .
this aspect is honest and credible . i advise my group not to object to the report .
away and create an exceptional view of the international practice system , s approach on the contrary , with this flexible mechanism , and reasonable cost , prevention and management of crises , which is practiced in certain third countries as of income insurance systems in force in the united states and canada .
in the future , funds not mandatory regulation will , in my opinion , to balance the market in pig meat as they have done in other sectors .
mr. chairman , that there is good in this debate , it &apos;s that it shows that the common agricultural policy can regulate and that it can not .
the evolution of the market shows that the hog cycle is still in progress , that it is still getting a reality , and also that tough times give way to better times .
in particular , we should not forget that in many countries , farmers fatten themselves piglets that they have produced , and that they have direct access to funds and control pigs for the fertilizer that they sold .
the debate is closed .
since the last discharge procedure , the court adopted 24 special reports , which show the results of audits focusing on a wide range of specific areas of financial management in the community is likely to be improved .
m thinking that led him to make a few comments about the reform commission .
the european court of auditors poses with very high requirements because of the use of taxpayers &apos; money. s commission relies on these high requirements for financial management reform .
emphasis is clearly placed on the fact that it is the duty of the european commission to avoid formal errors and the fight against fraud , especially that you always wonder where the limits are exactly and when things come together .
the same report schreyer was equally interesting .
we must find a solution and i ask the following question : can we consider a correction of the accounts for 1999 , ms. schreyer ?
we are told that it &apos; s not possible to calculate .
we could once and for all say , &quot; these are the problems and we want to provide solutions . &quot;
member states to protect themselves , they cheat , they neglect any form of control and whenever s critics &apos; rise , fall heads in brussels , that is to say to the board and elsewhere .
i also appeal to the ministers and that the heads of state and government in order that they approve nice to the proposal to establish a european public prosecutor .
this report speaks repeatedly of management procedures and adequate control , lack of planning , inadequate assessments , eligibility criteria vague or non-existent .
i thank the court of auditors to please quickly give its opinion on the reform of financial regulation .
however , i consider that the court of auditors &apos; has not done his job well enough to help us in our task .
the whole process will take time .
this headline is based on a press conference m. friedmann and i ask you , mr. karlsson , why the members of the court of auditors are different statements according to whether they s &apos; addressed to the committee on budgetary control publicly or to the press .
let me congratulate the committee and commissioner schreyer in particular ; court has stressed that many of the changes that it had requested are set practice or are about to be .
finally , mr. karlsson , while we are all these changes in parliament , perhaps you could go to the united states to assist in counting the votes !
he was asked - as he has been recalled today repeatedly - that the court explicitly cites the states where fraud and irregularities have been discovered .
it is a question of material of excellent quality , which launched a &quot; bombshell &quot; of the common agricultural policy , which continues to favor large farmers at the expense of smaller countries and central regions of the , europe to the detriment of peripheral countries and regions .
i &apos; am very pleased .
on this point , it is quite clear that the trial court has supported us by saying that we had not only the right to mention these names but we also had the duty .
thank you , mr. president karlsson .
another paragraph that you want to delete respect to secrecy and said that the privilege should be subject to effective control services and monitoring of hazardous materials .
accordingly , we issued another opinion here and the majority of the committee on legal affairs and the internal market can only advise the plenary to follow including amendments 38 and 41 , which reduce the export ban .
an example : in many areas , the products are assembled by the manufacturer , but delivered in parts distributor .
in the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy , we voted , under the wise guidance of our rapporteur , a series of amendments that once again my group recommends block at the meeting today &apos; , today .
our amendments 1 , 8 and 18 relate to this point .
a proposal was made to remove this amendment as recitals including the protection of professional secrecy and the fact that producers can not s self-incrimination .
furthermore , the nature of service provision s &apos; lends less .
mr. chairman , i congratulate the rapporteur for his work , which meets the fundamental concerns of consumer groups , which must be accepted as legitimate partners in a constructive dialogue .
in other sectors , this directive has been extended to other fields of application .
that the revision of the directive is formally provided by the directive itself , this approach also reflects the will of the committee to strengthen the protection of the health and safety of consumers .
this is also extremely important from the point of view of the industry to maintain a level playing field between the different actors , particularly with regard to imported products .
the only novelty is that distributors must retain and provide to the competent authorities upon request , and within the limits of their respective activities , necessary to determine the origin of the product documentation .
amendment 7 proposes some changes to the references to paragraphs .
it is a question here of aspects of civil law , regulated by the directive on liability for defective products , thus n &apos; not to be discussed here .
no this is not acceptable , as these guidelines generally lack provisions on market surveillance , reporting systems , etc ..
no this is not acceptable because it is a question here of a major advance over the existing directive .
august 30 , 2000 , at the end of a meeting of the office of the presidency , which i was , and where my case was discussed by some intimate , in my absence and without my knowledge , m. barón crespo m &apos; said that i &apos; m was self-excluded from the group .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
the first question raised by m . katiforis door to nato and the second term on the accuracy of the order of voting as currently planned .
the mediterranean has always been a particularly sensitive region , marked by significant political , economic and social problems .
the issue of funding also implies a willingness to succeed , that n has not been demonstrated to date .
mr. chairman , despite the progress made in recent years in the european union , in this europe which is the champion of human rights , structural discrimination based on sex continues .
the only reason for its widespread use is the race for enterprises .
moreover , the project of a &quot; code of conduct for the media &quot; does not seem feasible .
leaving , i told him : &quot; do &apos; t worry because there will gonzalez álvarez report which deal precisely product safety . &quot;
let us not forget that it &apos;s my labour colleague , m. whitehead , who presented the amendments proposing to exempt charity shops , and we should congratulate him for his work .
amendment 14 weakens the board vis-à-vis the commission , providing that decisions are taken by simple majority .
broadening the scope of action of the european agency for reconstruction in the territory of the yugoslav federation would have happened long ago , and n &apos; should not have been related to internal changes in this country .
the report of the meeting intends to introduce further assistance .
regarding pork , we have no matters of regulation similar to that of market exists for other farm products .
it is foolish to create funds to mitigate the effects of recurrent seizures .
it shows how a disaster can trigger another .
european governments do not want to offend the turkish reactionary parties who refuse to abolish the death penalty and trample on the rights of women , or to the turkish authorities which still suppress the kurdish people today , after massacring the armenian people
so well the importance of progress reports prepared by the european commission is measured .
i voted in favor of this motion .
unfortunately , many unresolved conflicts still persist , related to kurdish and armenian realities and that full respect for civil rights , although much progress has been made in this area .
what that as it may , the gear set up is his work and we will impose its logic up when the door overhang is so unbearable that inevitably lead to a deep crisis and severe our relations with turkey .
mr. chairman , you know that now , the new s is widespread among fishes that i defend their cause .
to the rapporteur , the answer is to give the community effectively , resources enabling it to ensure the direct control of fishing activities .
a number of them are in no way affected by certain fishing areas .
quickly , mediation has been found to need because the council did not seem willing to accept these amendments .
mr. chairman , i share at least one certainty with the rapporteur , mr , m. blokland : incineration may be a major source of pollution , but it is actually today necessary , given the very low rate of recycling .
primo - and this is most important - it will contribute significantly to reducing the emission of hazardous substances and pollutants in the waste incineration - very hazardous to the health of humans and harmful to the environment .
in some countries , the burning of waste carefully sorted in small municipal plants for the production of electricity and heat as the best solution from the point of view of the environment .
in particular , i welcome the commitment to improve public access to information on the incineration plants and the obligation to their operators to publish an annual report on emissions .
the action of the portuguese and french presidencies was constructive and the commission deserves special mention : it has contributed decisively to the achievement of a satisfactory outcome .
incineration of waste is the last stage of waste , according to the hierarchy , and the commission will conduct serious efforts to reduce and recycle waste , as well as its approach to integrated product policy .
council of employment and social policy adopted unanimously on october 17 at luxembourg , a european strategy against social exclusion .
but they have also proved necessary because of the increasing failure of the national health system , which is their public nature and their higher cost , but also the limitation of their funding from state budgets , funding n &apos; has been declining in all member states in the eighties and early ninety years .
that is why , precisely , that it is so important - and this is the most important result of this report , in fact - that the commission prepares short term a green paper on supplementary health insurance .
the debate on health insurance in the eu should not lead to a deadlock .
according to this view , the purpose of supplementary health insurance market is profit taking , growing and decisive way , a function of complement basic public schemes .
they are the same doctors , the same nurses , the same hospital beds and the same public health resources which have appealed that one is dealing with ordinary patients or people who pay their care .
congratulations to the rapporteur michel rocard .
social insurance part for residents escape the coordination rules because it is s &apos; is not a insurance for workers and that it applies only to residents .
we reject this anti-social reform .
health care are funded differently in the member states and the role of private institutions of health insurance also differs .
our fledgling charter of fundamental rights of the european union recognizes and respects , through articles 34 and 35 , the right of access to social security benefits and social services and announce at the same time that any person who residing and moving legally within the union is entitled to social security benefits and social advantages in accordance with community law and national laws and practices .
the statutory funding pension and the pension is at the center of discussions on social policy but also fiscal europe .
restructuring of social security systems in several member states also contribute .
green books today are unwelcome and damaging legislation tomorrow .
the commission will immediately initiate a study on the additional insurance .
thank you for understanding that through this process we help that the european union found a program in this area , despite its limitations and shortcomings .
every person should be placed in a situation such that it can acquire a qualification and adapt this qualification .
countries that are not members of the euro zone have their convergence programs , which are to a large extent similar to the stability programs , although the goals that they want to achieve are different .
finally , we consider the extent to which national budgets are presented each year are compatible with more ambitious medium-term strategies regarding public finances .
in the case of finland , the public debt is already well below this target and also reduces steadily .
on the one hand , the umts licenses - as i said earlier - were allocated to debt reduction , which allows to obtain a public debt that is almost at the level of 60 % .
inflation is undoubtedly a concern .
i have at this moment the impression that the formulas currently used in the respective member countries are in three directions .
this action plan implements , as the government s &apos; is set the requirement , the primacy of public health and transparency .
this meeting makes it possible , at this very moment , to share experiences and approaches on the test program on the feed ban and other provisions which may be reinforced at european level .
we have seen an alarming increase in cases of bse detected in france during the past year , partly due to the introduction of random testing .
finally , we must not underestimate the enormous progress made in recent years , the last year in particular , the establishment of a framework for the fight against bse .
the european parliament has always been a strong supporter of these tests , and i count on you to lend your support to the approach of the commission .
strict enforcement of these controls is necessary , both in terms of public health and in financial terms .
my only concern about the use of animal meal is whether or not they present a risk in the feed .
it remains to be seen whether recent events have changed this opinion .
( applause )
i wish , madam chair , this is my last on this subject before the meeting , because it should really be done with this problem .
in some cases it is necessary to slaughter the entire herd , which is a blow to the farmers concerned .
the grass of our meadows , white clover , vetch - today abandoned by the cap - can provide satisfactory solutions for the safety of the feed and food .
ad hoc support as market support or premium grass are essential .
scientific authorities have made it clear that the development of the disease in cattle wasn &apos; controlled and had stressed the alarming growth in the number of sick animals .
j &apos; to hear all the time about random testing .
( applause uen group )
even if it is a question of a decision emanating from france , its impact far beyond french borders .
the health of european consumers should be considered a top priority in any decision .
a general ban on the use of meat and bone meal in feed for all animals , that is to say , also in pigs , poultry and fish , as demanded by some member states and some of my colleagues , is not justified scientifically .
madam chair , i would ask the committee to be less categorical when it takes place , especially when it makes predictions for the future .
yesterday , the coordinators of different parts of the committee on agriculture and rural development have agreed on the proposal to devote to the fight against bse 600 million reserve of 1.3 billion euros , which is the budget to agriculture .
everyone recognizes that bse , british disease initially presented today as a french crisis is actually a european disease , a european problem and that it should be addressed in this context .
we have to take precautions now , not only on behalf of those of us who are concerned , but also on behalf of the minority of member states &quot; sufficient &quot; .
and tomorrow , with the ban on meat and bone meal , there are millions of additional acres of oléoprotéagineuse culture will fail us .
i have made a quick calculation of the cost : it is 10 cents per kilo .
it is a question of an endangered premeditated consumers and this can not be tolerated .
parliament vote half the budget to encourage production .
moreover , this regulation is constantly subject to improvements and s &apos; adapted to the requirements of europe .
however , our country has learned a lot over the years about how to put the affairs in order .
france comes to prohibit the consumption of coastline to the bone and many french regions have removed the french buf menu their school canteens .
i think we need , today , try after your discussions to identify strong lines , both the method on how to get to ensure this requirement .
we are talking about public health , so of serious events that it should be treated as such , with rigor and probably with transparency .
i think the law has been complied with , and i do not think being naive , but i do not believe that it is essential to impose a general ban on meat and bone meal in feed for pigs and poultry .
m . martinez participated in the first and i wish here , available to our colleague &apos;s dissent was made in writing at the first commission , the commission böge .
at a later stage , in the longer term , the objective is to define a common system of global asylum .
december 12 , the united nations to sign palermo world convention on organized crime with a protocol on trafficking in human beings .
the program relating to gender equality for the next five years the commission has submitted s &apos; revolves around five axes , one of which relates to violence and human rights. we expect in this area , the cooperation of governments , local authorities and non-governmental organizations , so that over the next five years , there has programs in all member states .
however , we have also started , following the plan of stability and growth , stability programs .
and externally , it is true that there is a problem - and i say indirectly m. nogueira - that is , we must not be forgotten that the level of savings in europe is much higher than the united states .
during the sampling campaign , high levels of sulfur dioxide were detected in some hot spots of the city .
questions 25 and 28 would receive written answers .
( the sitting was suspended at 19.30 and resumed at 9 : 00 p.m. )
after the mass unemployment of 80-90 years , the exclusion may become the new evil that will eat europe over the next decade .
that is how we will have a base of more common understanding , because it &apos; s not easy to define the concept of social exclusion .
it would be useful to use a portion of the increase in the financial envelope requested in this report to support comparative studies on how these could be managed .
for my part , i think the exclusion and poverty are secreted by our company , and we are collectively responsible .
in order to achieve the desired economic and social cohesion , we need , in addition to a high level of employment , a high level of social protection .
the fact is that social exclusion is an obstacle to economic growth whereas a society based on inclusion supports the growth and well-being .
naturally , the policy management market employment is part of the battle .
mr. chairman , i congratulate the rapporteur for his excellent contribution to the identification of the causes and dimensions of poverty , theme adapted to social reality whose cruelty is not diluted in a vast and abstract concept than the , social exclusion .
the proposed program of action has a legal basis , article 137 of the treaty of amsterdam and the board of lisbon has given us a new mandate .
but i agree that the term &quot; poverty &quot; is a politically very strong word and i agree in that it is associated , when it &apos;s possible , that &quot; of social exclusion &quot; in the text of the proposal .
finally , i would like to respond to your concerns about the involvement of different actors and institutions in the implementation of this program .
the proposal is a logical consequence of the strategy of the european union to double the share of renewable energy in energy consumption by 2010 .
in this respect , member states have the possibility to calculate the exact amount of their respective contributions to the achievement of the union according to the principle of burden sharing , and i would also say in this area sharing opportunities .
it is a question of a summit meant curb climate change and the kyoto protocol which spend his fireproof .
renewable energy is by far the most important source of energy currently used in the world .
however , these subsidies should in my opinion be reasonable and n be allocated for a specified period .
c &apos; is what being political , that is to make possible a competition between the two instruments protecting the guaranteed prices and harmonizing everything certificate .
that is why i have tabled an amendment to apply to the incineration of the waste emission standards stringent in annex 5 of the revised directive .
many of us believe that the energy produced from waste should be included .
in my opinion , the promotion of renewable energies must be accompanied by a program of modern energy saving &apos; , because this dependence is beginning to represent a risk for us security .
similarly , i wish to inform the commissioner that ireland may , in the short term , be competitive in the field of wind energy .
the debate on renewable energy should not become populist campaign against nuclear power .
the commitment of the authorities is essential if we are to receive funding for everyone .
renewables n &apos; there are no exception .
that is what we must do at european level .
mr. chairman , i would like first of all to congratulate ms. rothe for the wonderful work she has done and all the members who have spoken and have also repeatedly amended the text that was proposed in parliament and board .
commission rejects this part of amendment 27 and amendments 11 , 54 , 55 , 61 and 57 s &apos; thereto .
regarding the principles on which the future harmonized support system should be based , the commission can accept parts of amendments 37 and 38 which states that the system must take into account the environmental objectives of the treaty , the experience gained support schemes that have proven that they are effective and positive , and geographic data .
war widows are forced to raise their children alone , s occupy only the elderly .
local participation in the construction process of peace and reconciliation is important .
it is necessary to take preventive action against this situation by providing women in refugee camps , special protection through the division of camps .
finally , mr. chairman , i would like to express my disappointment about the maneuvers deployed in the shadow which had the effect of weakening paragraph 12 concerning the rights and freedom of choice for women who are victims of rape and situations war .
so let us be practical .
we can not allow this to continue because the rights , priorities and interests of women are too often ignored in the peace negotiations. and because in the rare cases where women occupy decision-making positions in these areas , they show extremely effective .
i have raised my hand for a few priorities .
i am convinced that if women , palestinian and israeli , have their say and their role in the peace process , a fair and lasting solution could be found , in all likelihood , the palestinian issue , and we do we would find not face the current crisis is the result of seven full years of fruitless negotiations .
mr. president , mrs theorin report contains many bizarre elements , and i think we should not give the impression that the armed forces are a kind of social service and that their main concern is to be politically correct .
mr. president , tell me who is the current board , or the high representative for pesc .
create conflicts between the sexes , as s &apos; is applied in this chamber tonight , i think is an approach that is neither peaceful nor constructive .
mr. chairman , it is certain that we are in a phase where sexospécifités , the participation of women , begin to appear in the various programs , when they do not become the rule .
so i think these two means are taken into consideration to achieve a universal study of the problem and examine the attempts deployed in some countries .
in some cases , they are exploited and abused .
i &apos;ll review some of the objections .
it is also argued that this would have the effect of creating , in the labor market , one class at a discount .
in austria , especially in my area , is applied funded by the eu , whereby an advisory service for women is very successful as an intermediary for housekeepers project for three years .
now that the dark pages of the past decade have turned your presence at our meeting reflects our common desire to see yugoslavia quickly find its place in the european family .
but today , after the decisive political start september 24 or the even more decisive on 5 october , the yugoslav foreign policy s is fixed a main objective , the adoption of a comprehensive approach to the group of nations that make up the european union , followed by the membership .
the most important task at hand now is the establishment of a network of democratic internal relations in the federal republic of yugoslavia .
a common democratic state allows muslims and albanians in montenegro and serbia to live in the same state , and allows us to work together to build our common egalitarian state .
thank you , mr. chairman , this intervention which , as you can see , has impressed our meeting .
mr. chairman , on page 27 of the annex to the minutes , it takes note of my vote in favor of the amendment 20 duck report .
my objective throughout the writing of this report was to put forward a proposal that is politically mature , eminently reasonable and practical , both for institutions and citizens .
another important amendment is the one about the proposal to include in the regulation not only the board , commission and parliament as well as all external bodies .
it &apos;s also a very good thing that the institutions are imposed , or rather that they are given the opportunity to disclose documents also to those which do not live on the territory of the european union or who are not citizens of the european union .
that is why the text of m . cashman &apos; s not n &apos; any relationship .
unfortunately , the hope that some had to prevent all contingencies and provide the most comprehensive settlement and the widest possible was probably stronger .
mr. chairman , many smart things were said about the context in which s &apos; registered this report .
mr. chairman , the cashman report can be summarized in a few words : the power of citizens of bureaucracy .
c is a point on which parliament has taken a positive position , and which it certainly will provide the focus , because it is important .
must now , in our negotiations with the council and the commission , that we develop a proposal and that we achieve a result .
according what is said , the regulation on access to documents has hardly been addressed in the college and there was considered until now as an essentially administrative matter .
it &apos;s citizens &apos; rights which we are this time .
we , members of the bonino list , we consider at the same time that we should not fall into the opposite extreme by imposing a hyper-regulation would introduce an indiscriminate access to information or opinions n &apos; have no intelligence value .
this regulation opens the door to arbitrariness .
they say one thing but doing another .
issues are judicial security , route of administration and effective democratic functioning .
this is an aspect that we need to be , especially as parliament .
we have in all cases need a new era of information and a great opportunity is offered to us parliamentarians to show our true colors .
in fact , it is important for the security itself that citizens have the opportunity to assess their confidence in the european defense based on facts and documents .
j &apos; conclude that the board made in july , a mistake by saying that all military documents were confidential .
that is why the basic principle is the opening , but it must be reconciled with the protection of the public interest and respect for certain rights that deserve special protection .
forcing institutions to disseminate these internal notes could occur , in many cases , that some confusion among citizens .
at this stage of the legislative process , it is premature to take a position on the desirability of a direct relationship between the classification and access to documents , as proposed by amendment 29 , or the inclusion in this regulation standards for this purpose .
m . cashman is right when he says that n is not in the commission of the political groups say what position they should take this plenary .
i would like to emphasize the key role played by the joint parliamentary committee eu-malta in the ongoing negotiations for accession to the eu of the republic of malta .
but we do not give banks the right to set their capital requirements themselves , but in practice , we would close to make it if we were not saving a close eye on their internal systems .
( pt ) mr. chairman , i wish to inform the plenary that the amendments set out in the name of gue / ngl , i present as rapporteur , derived from conversations with the council and the commission , and also supported the coordinators political groups represented on the committee on employment and social affairs .
it is a question here of a very important piece of legislation and s &apos; is also here for important items .
( applause from the epp-ed group )
mr. chairman , the inverse of mrs theorin , i do not want to suggest that we were moving votes and debates will propriety of my personal agenda .
i am one of the members who are present rather honorably .
i voted against the slaughter of entire herds because i do not think that it is a question is the best way to eradicate the bse .
take action at european level ;
second lesson. quality agriculture , providing some food independence , can not survive in europe in the context of global free trade .
the union as a whole , must mobilize because it is not tolerable that a country to take drastic measures and put the economy at risk , while others continue to pursue their normal activities .
the cap has always favored the intensification of production or progressive &quot; vertical integration &quot; of production and the concentration of land , basically to serve the interests of the food industry and major food companies .
it &apos;s also an attitude of distrust vis-à-vis the european union which , in their eyes , n is not able to guarantee the safety of food products introduced into the market .
i want to remind the decisive role played by our uen group that it can take place , and the very consistent draft resolution that we filed .
blokland report ( a5-0321 / 2000 )
parliament has yet successfully insisted on another point : facilities where radioactive waste is incinerated should be expressly excluded from the scope of the directive .
i am absolutely convinced that in ninety to nine percent of the cases , it is the governments of our fifteen statements are the responsibility of social exclusion and poverty .
but unfortunately , good intentions do not make policy , not least that of denunciation .
too many of our citizens are left by the wayside .
europe can not be economically strong if it is socially just , we can only welcome this progress .
it would be more efficient to fight against exclusion , for example to create a european minimum wage .
thanks to a new , radical approach , i firmly believe that we can not only pass the course of this critical time , but also to achieve our ultimate goal and one day completely eradicate poverty and social exclusion in the north-west .
i think the freezing nights and cold days of winter in europe both north that the south , where many elderly people due to lack of financial means , are unfortunately forced to turn off their heating to save money .
. i am of course in favor of the active promotion of renewable energies .
so i thank my colleague rothe for the quality of its report .
this is especially true for people which do not have the means and , therefore , have the first priority to ensure that their household expenses remain as low as possible .
the agenda is the debate on issues of topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
we disagree only about 5 of the resolution , but it is not an essential difference. it seems that by approving this european parliament adopts an overly paternalistic .
we believe , not only now , but since the creation of the central american parliament , which some seek to reduce its powers to weaken its presence , because a parliament is always annoying , but i think the purpose of the central american parliament , in the same way ours or that of other parliaments , is to be beneficial for the people that he represents , even if it is inconvenient for the powers that be .
it &apos;s one of the questions raised , obviously , an almost unanimous feeling , not only in this assembly , but also among many members who , by their origin , observed with great sympathy the collaborative process and consolidation of the institutions of countries that we consider ours .
within the framework of our cooperation with the region , we paid special attention to all the institutions that can support regional integration , the general secretariat of system integration in central america , the court and more specifically , the central american parliament , which is one of our priorities .
that is why our concern and sadness were very great when we saw the slow political , economic and human wreckage of this country , orchestrated by the military junta of general guei .
in the current bankruptcy ivorian model , the responsibility of western is obvious and overwhelming .
leaders have today a new opportunity and let them grab so .
the european union must also ensure that none of its members are based , with its former colonies - and i &apos; insists much on it - a relationship based solely on economic interests or geo-strategic locations .
when watara supporters took to the streets to demand new elections , their protests were violently repressed .
the european union has a duty and has also declared its intention to contribute to a peaceful conduct , fair , free and transparent elections to be held in december and local elections to be held in january .
mr. chairman , the european union has recently denounced in various statements , the excesses of the regime of general guei and also lamented the direct exclusion of the main candidates of the opposition election of october 22 , which limited exclusion in large part , the credibility of the electoral process .
( b5-0861 / 2000 ) m . vinci and others , on behalf of the gue / ngl group ;
mr. chairman , during the period october session , the commissioner patten m &apos; said then that he answered my question about burma , if things deteriorated in this country , the holding of the meeting between eu and asean , 11 and 12 december , would be called into question .
in fact , as has already pointed out , the situation in burma is in the process worse. it is amazing that such an important democratic leader that aung san suu kyi continues to be the object of persecution and the democratic league can not perform its functions normally to restore democracy , and even more when the country continues to benefit from , economic investments that benefit , specifically , the lack of freedom , the absence of trade union rights .
i know the idea of us know pounding on the door of the fatal vicious regime and gives it a little comfort and i hope wholeheartedly that advanced by both m suggestions. deva and even kinnock will be accepted and respected by the commission .
vietnam
it &apos;s one of our partners. that is why we can not continue to remain silent on the situation there .
we adopted this resolution and we had the opportunity to see that it had caused some small improvements .
israel is , in this respect , one of the clearest examples of world history , which shows that things are not so simple .
also consider the denial of recommendations of the special rapporteur of the united states on religious intolerance. consider the lack of free expression of opinion and the existing media censorship .
commission fully shares the concerns of mps and agrees categorically many criticisms , today , on how the military regime in the habit of violating the principles contained in the universal declaration of human rights .
i fully share the concern of some members about the problems that they have described. although some 23 000 people have been released pursuant to general amnesties , we must continue to worry about the people who remain detained for their political or religious views .
the vote will take place at 17 : 30 .
eu has a unique opportunity to pose as a pioneer in these changes and promote environmentally sustainable society where we should not deal with flooding in part due to our own inability to deal with the consequences of our actions .
the commission must hasten to use its energy and funds to ensure that those affected by the floods in the most affected areas are helped immediately , and that through instruments such as feder and eaggf guarantee section .
seen absolutely exceptional proportions of the disaster , the request contained in the resolution we have presented all the other groups is perfectly justified , although it has already been there recently - on october 26 - a debate that meeting on these issues and that a parliamentary resolution was also adopted at the meeting .
as you know , we face a fundamental problem : the legal basis for action .
the agenda was the vote on the issues of topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
mr. chairman , i am very concerned about this issue and have participated in numerous debates on the subject as in the committee on employment and social affairs that on economic and monetary affairs .
i have realized that this addition may rely on the approval of others .
we believe that the goal should be to strengthen both the public health system that the welfare system , and provide substantive content to the concept of universal service , through the provision of medical assistance and prevention of high quality to every citizen , paying special attention to people in remote areas or islands , in the context of a single public system of health and social insurance .
however , i would especially like to emphasize the fact that all other measures of health protection are not the responsibility of the european union , but the member states and the health care systems continue to be the exclusive jurisdiction member states .
the rest of what it offers is to heal the wounds caused by this choice .
at least the majority of my group voted against and we have also ensured that the vote on the report n &apos; not take place during the final plenary session , but was postponed to today .
this means that if we can close our work at first reading with the board and with the assistance of the commission , we can of course do so , but we will not give up at the outset of our rights .
but anyway , let &apos;s , let &apos;s say the referee is not sold to the opponent and accept the idea that the texts of the committee and the rapporteur meet a real and growing problem in the words , and the simultaneous these reflections with those of the basel committee is the opportunity of a focus .
however , it is the small and medium enterprises that create most new jobs and maintain most existing jobs .
that is why it is important not to dissociate themselves from what is happening in basel , even if it is obvious that we have a specific legislative procedure .
how we manage to maintain the current institutional balance is for us a fundamental point in this process .
the meeting will want to forgive me , as evening falls on the end of the parliamentary session , if i allow myself to draw my inspiration from a certain melancholy well with me .
the public must have the utmost confidence in the person of the mediator and be sure that it is impartial in its investigations .
i would like to thank ms. almeida garrett for his commitment to this important matter .
in the past , the mediator , which we have spoken , has received several complaints about the lack of transparency in recruitment opportunities and it is a question of a very serious problem , because we fully share the opinion of the mediator that a recruitment procedure is very often the first contact of young citizens of the union with the european institutions .
if it had to be inconsistencies , the candidate must have the right to report .
we can not help fix devices that can s apply for as different as the commission or court institutions .
the petitions committee notes that the european commission informed the ombudsman that it put in piece recommendation since 1 july 2000 .
amendments are clear , synthetic and pragmatic , which represent real reform , that is to say , the only reform worthy of the name that the european institutions should adopt regarding recruitment procedure .
a transparent selection process and without recourse to the confidentiality or secrecy is the hallmark of a democracy that has confidence .
for example , already allows applicants outweigh the test questions , the general criteria for the evaluation are communicated to candidates who so request , the list of candidates or the composition of the selection board are published in the official gazette , in the case of open competitions , and on the website of the commission , in the case of internal or restricted competition .
a few months ago , the president prodi stated that this option would be provided for all competition , from july 2000 .
we are at the moment in the adoption of the minutes .
( applause )
agree , therefore , for a higher coefficient of weight - for example 10 % - but that is absolutely fixed in all cases and all circumstances .
my opinion is that we can be proud of , as the european parliament , having put the idea of a european police college on track .
we know that some member states still support the establishment of the college as a simple permanent network of national institutes , but we assume that the majority accepts this proposal as a step for the establishment of a strong institution within a maximum of three years .
dutch term politieacademie reminds me of an american comedy television series of the police .
assure us , if we have a police college , that it is , as the ratio of m points. posselt based on the need to develop and promote the observance of human rights and civil rights in the culture of our police .
as this aspect n has not been clarified , i must say frankly that i can not even agree in principle .
i notice that the reporter wants to change the term &quot; senior officers in charge of law enforcement &quot; to &quot; senior officers in charge of law enforcement with police powers &quot; that which is probably a good idea .
for me as a native of a different political environment , it is very interesting to hear him repeat the same hysteria , the same concerns .
we could call it the sweet police , but she was able to heal the wounds of civil war and make credible the idea of law and order .
i prefer a trained police and organized small-scale , constantly fed by signals from the society in which it must operate .
the committee is prepared to fulfill this mission , if it so decided .
it is particularly important to note that the european police college , whose entrance is planned based on 1 january 2001 , n &apos; is not just of national institutes network for training of police in member countries the eu , but that it also involves in central and eastern europe candidate countries .
for after that i was told , that is the path that is taking europol if not quickly correct its trajectory .
there are constitutional problems in some member states , including germany and austria .
it is a fact that europe without borders has contributed to the increase in the number of marriages between people of different nationalities , from both the european union and from third countries .
other separate unfortunately because of accumulated resentment .
but if it is true that it is a big step forward from this point of view , it n &apos; is not less true that i share the opinion of banotti and others who complain that its field of application is limited to the protection of children from recognized as such by the law marriages .
i ask you to clarify your point of view concerning article 17 ?
regarding proposals submitted by some large federations regarding certain sports terms , which appear in favor of a protocol enabling them to escape the basic rules of the treaty , in particular those relating to the free movement and competition , it should be noted that this exemption , such as it is defined , is manifestly disproportionate to the objectives .
eu should not shrug and say so what if the prohibition of the transfer system is causing irreparable damage to football .
i wish that before the new powers conferred on the commission , it should make use of those it has .
provided that the details of its application complying with appropriate rules , this would appear to be consistent with current eu law that seeks to eliminate the distortion of competition by establishing fair taxation mechanisms of infrastructure costs to hauliers and harmonize the tax systems in the european union .
it might be advantageous at this time to simply say that the british government actually proposed , and also that it offers , keeping in mind the crisis of the road transport sector in england and in all other countries of the european union .
when a major proposal of this type is put forward , we , the members of the assembly , should have the opportunity to think and talk as soon as possible , not necessarily for the last time .
foresight is a must .
on your first point , m. miller , this proposal was suggested at the meeting by the president and that is the meeting which agreed to change the agenda of today .
i agree on the fact that the irish trucks are a special case .
i extend to his family , relatives , friends , all those who , in spain , believe in the power of democracy , my deepest sympathy .
i note , mr. dell &apos; alba .
to not allow the term of the plan of action buenos aires , valid until cop6 conference expires without result or no result , the parties agreed to suspend cop 6 and continue the conference in may 2001 .
also further coordination within the european union , should intensify contacts with other parties .
many countries , particularly environmental groups saw this as a huge loophole .
that the output for the quieter m. prescott has been followed by new u.s. proposals as they approached the position of the union shows that the french president was right to hold out .
and if the clean development mechanism works , they receive each year between five and twenty-five billion dollars .
then , the machine must stabilize emissions and india will arrive at emission rates twice as high .
the usa are the biggest polluters capita .
the commission of the environment of the parliament , in the past , been at the forefront to address the problem of climate change .
but i do not want to fall into personal quarrels and avoid this kind of totally negative discussion .
kyoto can not remain an empty promise .
on the other hand , i think those among companies and actors of economic life , considering this problem in a serious way , and would have liked that we provide them with the rules of the game are also losers .
to speak clearly to the moment of truth , we can say that among the three parties , only the european union reached an agreement and a global policy on climate change .
of course we need some clear operational rules governing the trading market for emission rights , which reaches a value of twelve billion dollars .
ministers all know that they can not escape this huge task that is the fight against climate change c &apos; was also clear at the meeting of the hague .
the president of the republic itself will present the results of the presidency on december 12 .
fifteen are now close to an agreement on the relaxation of enhanced cooperation .
however , the idea of a reference to the charter of fundamental rights in article 6 , defended by the european parliament , in its recommendation of 14 november , and we have also , as president , on the table of the cig , was vigorously rejected by several member states .
we have thus fulfilled the mandate given by the european council in cologne and the union will have a very strong reference , marking clearly the rights and values which she believes .
finally , the european council of nice illustrate the priority that the french presidency attaches to economic and social issues and all issues on which the union can respond effectively to the concerns of europeans .
furthermore , based on the findings of feira , calling for the implementation of an action plan for e-europe company information accessible to all , the board worked with indicators of progress .
this debate has many dimensions and j &apos; quickly mention three of them : firstly , the need to close the intergovernmental conference with the adoption of a treaty that actually adds value , then the appearance of our security policy that deals with crisis management , and finally , the need to stake the way beyond nice .
there is much to do before we did not have a suitable solution .
so we need a weighting of votes according to which a majority of states , which do not represent the majority of the population , can not decide , you have that here a clear democratic principle prevails .
i quite agree with the president prodi to say that we have an historic opportunity we can not miss .
my group at this stage , would prefer a re-weighting of votes , the double majority , but you explained that other issues are under consideration .
our group strongly supports the idea of an entrenchment of the founding treaties , which implies that the reform treaty is done transparently and with the participation of civil society .
strengthening democracy inevitably involves an extension of co-decision rights of the european parliament .
not start again tomorrow with a new multilateral agreement on investment or new agricultural negotiations after seattle .
domestic politics and justice policy will be subject to majority decisions from 2004 .
mr. chairman , just the title of the item on the agenda already mentioned the importance of article 133 in the debate on the extension of qualified majority voting .
it is particularly sad to be in a situation where large and small countries are pitted against each other .
everyone must make a down the road if we actually want a qualified majority either released to allow the union to new countries within it .
parliament has also proved that he was a serious partner in the development of the charter , and it is particularly gratifying that the prime minister blair publicly recognized .
if the nice summit decided , for example , that the candidate countries can participate in the next european elections , it could help to put pressure on the eu for the expansion a reality .
i renounce these 40 areas , if we extend qmv to five areas that make it essential , such as trade , social policy , law , home affairs , structural policy and taxation , to majority mention the most important .
we are today on the eve of the conclusion , progress and partial results can not escape us , but we must be frank : in almost ten months of intergovernmental conference on these critical issues , the opinions are not close , mr. védrine , we don &apos; have not found any agreements , not to mention the fact that some of the issues cited by the parliament in its resolution of 13 april n &apos; have not even been discussed , that whether it s &apos; management of the economy and institutional implications of the common defense .
governments have lost sight of the urgent reforms because they are blinded by their own weight in the new balance of power .
mr. chairman , i would like to remind the board and the committee , and of course the parliament resolution &quot; better regulation &quot; that we adopted on 26 october .
i think all stakeholders s &apos; worry about the outcome of the european council of nice .
finally , not only the charter of fundamental rights n &apos; is not inserted up here in the text of the treaty , but n is not even agreed to make reference to article 6 .
if i don &apos; hear no m oppose the aspirations and , in fact , the rights of some of these countries who wish to join the community in 2002 , it would , i think , not in their interest or in the interest member states , to reach this stage without the guarantee is not first an orderly transition , causing minimal distortion on the economies of the current member states .
everyone will have to sacrifice some of its cherished exceptions if we want to achieve a nice result .
we know that a permanent solution must be found for the european elections of 2009 , that is to say to the legislature run , after all , up to 2014 .
i am of the opinion that it will nice to at least accept the compromise that in this parliament we claim , namely the combination of the charter and article 6 , paragraph 2 .
the public , whether in the eu or candidate countries , does not accept the prospect of leftovers nice or a second cig in 2004 .
the european parliament condemn tripping .
if we look at this , mr. president of the council , the french presidency plays a decisive role in this regard , we also note that a few days before the summit , we are still at a standstill .
apart from the overall balance of the next cig , a small detail , which unfortunately all its importance , &apos; m worried .
despite this , i would point out , even if this exercise is very useful , since it raises many relevant questions and suggestions , i found the tone all too negative .
we do our best , if i may say .
they accept the principle , he accepted the view , but they have legitimate interests to defend democratic and they consider that the conditions are not yet ripe .
that is why it is so important to strengthen nice community method , the value of the european institutions - council , parliament and commission - and how to uvrer together .
such a course of action that violates the rules of parliament , a blatant lack of courtesy in respect of an outstanding host and could have very serious consequences .
i will pass the name to the president and ask him to investigate and take measures which are binding in order to avoid that we have found in our parliament such people come to disturb and threaten what is more with the , with meps !
almost the same day , an important figure in cypriot parliament , which has in fact already visited the european parliament , m. christou , s is denied turkish visa so that he went , just imagine , a tripartite meeting in istanbul between turkish cypriot and greek , that is to say a very peaceful approach .
it &apos;s proof that verbal abuse leads to physical violence .
in 1966 , ernest lluch , his brother and myself have been excluded , with some sixty members of the teaching staff of the university of barcelona by the franco regime .
mr. gorostiaga , you are a disgrace to this parliament .
a5-0339 / 2000 lalumière same on behalf of the committee on foreign affairs , human rights , common security and defence policy , on the establishment of a common european policy on security and defense policy after cologne and helsinki &#91; 2000 / 2005 ( ini ) &#93; ;
same levels of commitment subject to national jurisdiction , because each country sovereign decision to participate or not to participate in a military intervention .
first , a brief note on a key issue , that of the relationship of the new european policy with nato .
similarly , it is a question to clarify the status of the high representative vis-à-vis the existing triangle and the commissioner for external relations .
then , the permanent arrangements with third states and nato .
three common strategies have been adopted since may 1999 on russia , on the ukraine , on the mediterranean .
there was also a european union-ukraine summit on september 15 , and fruitful political dialogue s &apos; now extends to issues of export of conventional arms , security and disarmament issue highlighted by the osce as is a problem with this country .
i can not conclude this summary reminiscent of the action of the union on what is called today the major global and horizontal issues , including human rights of man , he must still work the consistency of eu policy in international fora , and greater involvement of civil society .
i am happy to continue this process by exposing you today the results of our conference engagement capacity of 20 november .
these contributions therefore allow a quantitative , fully meet the overall target set by the board .
by the year 2003 , when the bodies set will be able to perform their duties , the european union will gradually be able to accomplish certain missions petersberg .
we all know that the genesis of the european union and the main objective of the founders was to prevent europe tears into a new civil war .
it is necessary to further strengthen the coherence and efficiency in all the pillars of the external activities of the european union .
once again , i refer to the media in my country , which sometimes tend not to be very objective and balanced , and appear to have some difficulty understanding this distinction .
the offensive talokan cut the only supply route towards the panjshir valley and plain chamali where concentrated forces massoud commander , but also an important part of displaced and refugee populations .
the rapid reaction force is designed to perform missions petersberg .
that is why it seems somewhat unnecessary to address in detail , for example , the organization of european air forces .
the same ideas , revolving around the theme of the widest possible transparency , were expressed in the cashman report , we adopted by a large majority , two weeks ago , in strasbourg .
i would like to know the reaction of m. richard about it and ask him what he said should be the role of the european parliament if the secret protocol does not exist .
it must stop .
however , the &quot; republic of fear &quot; , striking qualifier used for years to describe the terror regime of saddam remains largely underestimated by a number of european politicians , even here in the european parliament .
i would particularly like to highlight the progress made under the auspices of the french presidency in the field of foreign and security policy as well as in the field of defense , and i want to emphasize these advances because in the earlier discussion on the european council of nice , some reservations were expressed on progress globally with this presidency .
i know , sir , that you are skeptical about this , you just say no again as you &apos;ve already done to paris in other circumstances. but parliament , beyond any political affiliation , and still try to impose this view .
concentration on a purely reactive crisis management has foreign policy and security in very bad shape .
this means that the first objective of the board should be taking action to reduce arms exports in unstable regions , that a fair trade policy must be put in place , that there must be a sustainable development assistance and most importantly , support for democratic forces in civil society .
we also warmly welcome the efforts made by m. patten , which is very popular here , as m. solana , showing that last one takes initiatives .
i must say that we can support many elements of brok report , in particular the importance attached to the enlargement of the european union .
thirdly , if i welcome the rapid reaction force , the european perspective should be clear because we don &apos; have that one chance to do this .
mr. chairman , we are debating today two reports of a major political , since one and the other mainly concern cfsp .
we will never be philosophically neutral and it should in no case be confused with the notion of military neutrality .
however , i wonder if it n would not have been possible to build critical , even to threaten sanctions the country , more than any other , supports the plan and without the aid of which the taliban fall , ie , to say pakistan .
mr. chairman , we read in paragraph 31 of brok report on foreign policy and security the following message : &quot; emphasizes the need for democratic legitimacy of russia , and knowing that there is a political union between russia and belarus , that the president and his government clearly reiterate the strong need for democratic reforms in belarus , particularly in light of the report of the parliamentary troika of the european union , council of europe and the osce presented in minsk october 16 , 2000 . &quot;
the question of the concept : this concept is adopted since 1992 .
there will be forms of reconciliation to invent with national parliaments , but what is , in any case , within reach of our hands and that is a turning point , we can , i think , and some others , we rejoice , it &apos;s only fifteen nations that make up this union , who have built a political reality that positively affects the relationship of global influence , these fifteen nations have chosen to provide the means to act together where violence defies our values .
according to reports from independent experts , the commission , under the leadership of mr. kinnock , proposed a reform of its operation in a white paper .
in shading are consistently reminded that , in addition to any legislative procedure , all budgetary decisions should be taken in the context of annual procedures and the iia reference .
it is with great satisfaction that our committee has seen the findings of bourlanges report on outsourcing included in the letter of amendment .
it will be followed by many other reports and , for my part , rich in these few weeks of work in consultation , i would like this method to be preserved for the future .
this is the basis of the new management philosophy of the committee : each administrative unit will be required to assume responsibility for the regularity and legality of all its actions .
mr. chairman , i &apos; a rare pleasure to be finally - and i &apos; emphasis on the word &quot; finally &quot; - able to present this report to you tonight .
this is the heart of what we &apos;re trying to do here .
the commission is it today able to fulfill missions and beyond , politics function assigned to it by the treaties ?
we continue to spring from the findings of nice and based on the new proposals of the commission .
however , we will give a vote of confidence in the board to which it specifies the possible scope of its proposal .
the reform process is initiated and implemented , as evidenced by the regular reports of the commission .
payment of bills by the european union must be in the same practices as the rest of the world .
we find that the increase in numbers is too hesitant because if we consider the current tasks related to the enlargement to the east , it is clear that increases with larger numbers will be needed in the future .
it is for this reason that the new rules should be examined on the basis of their applicability .
commission , fundamental institutional body of the current system of the union , realizes , with all its structure , intended by parliament and the eu council policy .
we oppose other amendments which either n &apos; bring nothing to report or plunge us into delirium .
therefore , the proposals of the commission - the white paper - promoted by kinnock commissioner are supported by our group .
payment delays s &apos; accumulate and obstacles are well known .
we have all seen the effect of paralysis on , or rather the effect of total paralysis , that led to the culture of fear within the committee - i mean the services and officials .
mr. chairman , and commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , i will be brief , but before i continue , i would like to congratulate all the rapporteurs .
this debate allows me to brush an update on the latest progress in implementation of our strategy to modernize and prepare for future improvements , improvements we have outlined here are eight months in our strategy table .
if i had more time , i would of course love to look into the issues raised , and i &apos;m sure the opportunity s &apos; in the present .
other elements are being developed , others still need to be supported and implemented by the decisions of parliament and the council .
the commission must send to meet the deadlines of payment and it is one of its objectives .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 11 am .
we will see next year when the assessment we requested on the results of the reform we will be presented .
from it in the global aid was thirty years ago , 7 % , it is 17 % today .
we want clearer objectives .
the commission must also ensure that happening internationally .
indeed , according to the report , poverty and underdevelopment continue to gain ground , and many people still can not exercise their inalienable right to live in dignity .
the process of implementation of the decision in may by the committee for external relations of the reform is on track .
it is also necessary to ensure that programs can , in future , be easily managed by our delegations and made more accessible to our partners .
( a5-0342 / 2000 ) m . ortuondo larrea , on behalf of the committee on regional policy , transport and tourism , on the proposal for a directive of the european parliament and of the council amending directive 94 / 57 / that the council establishing common rules and standards for ship to perform the inspection and survey of ships and the relevant activities of maritime administrations ( com ( 2000 ) 0142 - c5-0175 / 2000 - 2000 / 0066 ( cod ) )
indeed , on the basis of proposals that we made last february , the european commission has made proposals with the utmost speed .
all these proposals relate to the essence of the regulations on shipping , and i would like to recall that in addition to the three proposals to be discussed by the meeting today , the package erika ii as m . gayssot has already said , will , meanwhile , discussed next week .
there have been since then , unfortunately , many other maritime disasters , we know only too well .
thirdly , we say , and we are not far from it , only to do so , that a hazardous vessel should not just be accepted at the dock and then be allowed to return to sea .
i would add that the initiative of the commission to present this position was important because it played like a sword of damocles , as an effective pressure on the omi in order to succeed .
on the other hand , inspections will be taxed only when they can be made by exclusive and specialized inspectors can not have any link with the owner , and that he does not control the body vessel &apos;s classification .
moreover , even if the direct discharge of industrial materials , including the disposal of military munitions considered obsolete , is a practice that has been largely abandoned by the member states , the ammunition and industrial materials continue to pose a real threat to the , the fishing industry and in some cases a threat to human safety .
cooperation includes exchange of information and the statement of sites of munitions dump .
vigorous action must be taken on the issue of flags of convenience , including , for example , that of kerguelen for france , and against ships which beat during the 36 months preceding the adoption of these guidelines , the pavilion the state in the table of capital and above average delays , published in the annual report of the memorandum of paris under &quot; blacklist &quot; .
then please accept this proposal !
that is why i ask you in turn to finish as quickly as possible to the board .
if a state flag remains in default , the port state in this case must receive more responsibilities .
eight miles of ninety thousand ships plying the seas around the world are below safety standards and four miles transporting hazardous materials .
the maritime insecurity , many players point out , is largely the result of deregulation and practices of convenience .
how do we may , during the french presidency of the union , explain to our citizens that the european parliament has removed the necessary incentives and financial disincentives to it proposed to accelerate the shift to double hulls .
concerning the responsibilities of the state of the port , one can not continue to underestimate the tasks of port authorities .
i know that it is a question of the maximum the board can accept text , but we don &apos; t will contribute to its adoption in the hope that it will be improved in the second reading . however , we do not vote against it because we recognize the excellent work done by the rapporteur , mr . ortuondo that a few amendments transaction show us the path to follow in the next reading .
it s &apos; was first of erika , but at the same time , oil was a wreck also off the turkey accurately .
i have now to make a few brief comments about monohulls .
we have the political and economic means to impose and enforce our choices .
we need a comprehensive overview of the responsibility of all stakeholders .
it also provides specifications for double-hulled vessels .
maybe we would be able to avoid a disaster .
so i think the balance that can be achieved on the basis of proposals from the commission and the omi , and reports to the examination for which the colleagues who are the authors really deserve congratulations .
the proof is that the measures adopted at the international level to improve safety and reduce accidental pollution have had some success .
the commitment of classification societies must be evaluated using common criteria : number of accidents , incidents or detentions of vessels inspected and certified , which are at the origin of pollution .
when ievoli sun sank the boat was young , relatively , double hull , the crew community and the italian flag .
but what is most important , it &apos;s the fierce determination that should inspire us collectively to change the rules of the current game of shipping in order to reduce the maritime insecurity .
most of the amendments focus on the proposed refusal of access to the waters of the community .
many of them either do not relate to control the state of the port is already taken by this directive or other directive .
for similar reasons , the commission can not endorse the new amendment 22 , which refers to the crucial issue of the safety of navigation , but n has no place in the proposed regulations .
i share the concerns of the parliament , which insists that a shipowner should be able to exercise any undue influence on the classification society .
second , under our proposal erika ii concerning monitoring of navigation , member states have the obligation to intervene , even on the high seas , in similar cases .
mr. poos , you want to intervene in the debate ?
( parliament approves the proposal of the committee )
we withdraw our resolution because its content has been reproduced almost entirely and literally in the joint resolution underwritten by the presidents of the main political groups .
the first part is an oral amendment , but the second part focuses on a separate i can not accept vote , because this amendment has not been filed on time .
report ( a5-0328 / 2000 ) m . lamassoure , on behalf of the committee on constitutional affairs on the white paper on the reform of the commission ( aspects concerning the committee on constitutional affairs ) ( com ( 2000 ) 200 - c5-0448 / 2000 - 2000 / 2218 ( cos ) )
watts ( a5-0343 / 2000 ) report
control of merchant ships must be made by a public service with state-of necessary technological equipment of a properly trained and the staff &apos; , with the active participation of the trade union movement of sea farers .
. i voted in favor of the report m. watts , which aims to enhance the quality and frequency of inspections in ports of member states of the european union states .
if we had thought earlier , if m. hatzidakis had been here before , in recent years , he would certainly have proposed to double hull ships and we would have avoided many disasters .
the risk of maritime collisions is so high that without additional support and control the risk of maritime accidents probably cease to increase .
it must remain in the commission proposal .
in the case of erika , local fishing industries and aquaculture have been hit hard , and it is important not only to consider the tragic consequences observable directly after the disaster , but also to look ahead and take account the long-term detrimental effects of oil pollution .
baltic is a very fragile inland sea , already heavily polluted by discharges from industry , sewage and agriculture .
moreover , the training of inspectors of these companies varies from one country to another .
but it would be better that a harmonized control becomes directly responsible authorities .
we reject the parallel extension of codecision and the abolition of luxembourg compromise &apos; widespread vote by qualified majority together with the extension &apos; .
about foreign policy and security , we agree with the balance that has been assigned to deal with crises .
we expressed during the whole of the intergovernmental conference , our opposition to the sustained repeatedly by a majority of mps to significantly broaden the agenda idea , we have also reported this position each vote on the proposed resolution presented in this regard .
it must be made clear the importance of the social agenda that he is promptly set piece .
regarding the generalization of qualified majority voting , i do not think that it is a question here of a sensible proposal , given that it would infringe on the right of member states to make a timely decision on communitarization communalism or not a policy .
proponents of liberal europe , not only n &apos; extend the misery of the people already overwhelmed by poverty , but they impose , on this occasion , a political project formalize a cluster rich countries control a european market extended .
parliament has passed a resolution on the top of nice having the following characteristics :
our debates in this chamber , more like successive monologues that to real trade .
i am opposed to the development of a common defense policy and the establishment of a board of defense ministers .
we believe that this transformation of the delegations of the commission delegations in the european community could induce conflicts of interest with national diplomatic delegations of our countries .
so it is clear that it &apos;s through a search of harmonization , when it is desired , timely and effective decisions between fundamentally remain the prerogative of the national actor that we can increase the weight of european diplomacy , not through completely ineffective structural constraints .
five danish liberal party of the european parliament voted today to lalumière report on a common policy on security and defense , because we are in favor of strengthening the capacity of action of member countries eu and at the same time , to that of nato .
we raise all the more against the imperialist military policy that prevails in this chamber said a consensus on the issue , acceptance and support shown to this policy on the part of the vast majority of groups of the extreme right with green and pse .
point 49 states to require member states who do not want or can not participate in a mission , however , take part and finance .
the rapporteur lists a series of reasons for intervention outside the territory. one of them is the righteous indignation about the ethnic conflicts outside the union .
in addition , we have specific objections to several paragraphs , such as :
such a break with nato in simply to close a little more europe in itself is far from the rhetoric that followed the fall of the wall .
i refuse , however , that my vote the interpreting as evidence that i am opposed to the participation of women in peaceful conflict resolution .
. the only positive aspects of the report are that it requires a &quot; european definition of domestic work &quot; and a &quot; clear limitation of a maximum number of hours worked . &quot;
it s &apos; is obviously a quasi ideal situation , when i read all the proposals for the exceptional rules that are listed in this report .
the income tax , payroll taxes and vat are driving up the hourly rate up to levels that almost no household with no regular income is willing to pay .
. ( nl ) women &apos;s work has a long history of bad payments , poor working conditions , unfavorable legal position and sexual intimidation .
this resignation , the culmination of a long decay , however , should not make us forget that the &quot; commission delors &quot; was heavier than that succeeded responsibilities .
but i have mostly voted for because i want - i want to say to this parliament - that where the accounts are checked , that is to say how the money was spent by the committee , it is ensures not only the control numbers - four plus four equals eight , eight plus eight equals sixteen , sixteen sixteen more equal thirty-two thirty-two to thirty-two equals sixty-four - but that we also check if these expenses were really helpful in europe , if they have really achieved the objectives that we wanted to achieve .
similarly , the opacity and measures of convenience should disappear in recruitment , particularly regarding temporary positions .
- ( in ) british conservative mps vote against the report as repeatedly stated their opposition to the extension of qualified majority voting and the proposal to incorporate the document on human rights in the treaty .
interruption of the session
c is the m &apos; had been said , but i &apos;ll go with more fresh news and i &apos;ll get your message .
c is the position adopted by our group .
madam chair , the nice summit is particularly important .
regarding the substantive considerations , i will take that one example .
we believe that this report must be thorough and therefore ask to be able to debate and a vote in january .
gold , its presence is very important for this report , the great interest and whose success largely depends on the commission .
the resolution of parliament states that it is forbidden to smoke in certain places - including the chamber .
adaptations of the draft directive were required , here presented .
hope that we are able to do now .
n if this is not the case , the responsibility will at least clear and well defined .
but , my friends , if you really were aware of health problems related to tobacco , you would require the prohibition of the drug , as you continue to hold the other though quantitatively much less deadly substances .
also , amendment 2 of the carbon monoxide is particularly important .
history teaches us , in this respect , that it is dangerous to consider the goal - so noble and virtuous that it can be - superior to fixed rules .
mr. chairman , i want to stand up for the workers in this sector .
and despite my absence , it is clear that my vote was going in this direction .
therefore , my concern at the moment , not so much on health issues , which are of course important and significant , with the limitation that imply our acceptance of this very restrictive interpretation of the legislative power of the european parliament .
mr. chairman , if this proposal actually becomes law at the end of the second reading , it will restrict the freedom of companies on the one hand and increased protection of public health on the other .
research findings in this area are so clear that we can not , as european legislators , do not follow this advice .
following the decision of the court of justice of the european communities , the committee then adopted that position again and this time with a large majority .
we would also have put an end to this situation .
the power of big tobacco industries n &apos; is too obvious .
gold , and it &apos;s a shame for the european union , we ask our taxpayers to subsidize the cultivation of this horrible stuff to the tune of more than one billion euros per year .
the test procedure is ineffective .
this directive has been introduced to take into account the findings of the report valverde lópez 1997 of the european parliament , which already mentioned many elements that we find in this text and called for a commission proposal .
that is why the need to regulate - in the interest of the consumer - is clear .
in this regard , let me say that from the perspective of international and community rules , it n &apos; is no exception for trademarks in the measures taken to protect public health , especially here , where the effects of smoking behavior are so great .
this is linked to the issue of access to products , especially when the distributors are located in unsupervised areas .
summer time
there are other issues that we still would like to scan , such as the consumption of energy , health and safety as they relate to the summer time , but the strongest argument is without no doubt that we want to give the opportunity for new member states to comply with our rules .
madam president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , i see once again that the advantages and disadvantages of summer time lead to further discussion .
our group believes that the proposal is to be made good. he supports and believes that new amendments are not necessary .
another problem exists in agriculture : in autumn , during the fenders , the time indicates that the morning moisture should be gone. surprise gold , nature does not comply with the directive .
regarding the amendments submitted , the committee agreed with the amendments 3 and 4 , whose goal is to make the system more transparent and to insist on the precautionary principle .
according to the european parliament , the compromises that we made we agree significantly improve the common position of the council .
children receive medications that have only been tested on adults , which means that children are treated badly .
it can help to improve clinical research in europe and therefore the well-being of millions of patients .
this compromise , which of course can still be outdone by each member state sets a minimum threshold in order to avoid the appearance in the european union with a sort of dumping ethics that would make it possible to a member state , but not others , to conduct research on persons incapable of giving consent .
finally , and in this regard i extend my displeasure that that provision has not been included in the compromise proposals of the board , i think the principal investigator responsible for the conduct of clinical trials must be doctor. because only doctors have the knowledge and experience to enable them to assess the benefits and mitigate the adverse effects and risks during these tests .
the agenda is the report ( a5-0377 / 2000 ) m . trakatellis , on behalf of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy on the proposal for a european parliament and council extending certain programs of community action in the field of public health adopted by decisions 645 / 96 / it , 646 / 96 / it , 647 / 96 / the 102 / 97 / that , from 1400 to 1497 / and the 1296 / 1999 / ce and amending those decisions ( com ( 2000 ) 0448 - c5- 0400 / 2000 - 2000 / 0192 ( cod ) ) .
perhaps , i might add , we inaugurated a new mode in co-decision .
it is precisely a problem about which we think that we see the weakness of the orientation of the european union , the council and the commission , together with the budget cuts , not reach the ceiling 1 27 % currently allowed by the standards , that actions like these are allowed while the coordination between member states s &apos; becomes more and more important .
it &apos;s an area that can be considered in the context of the new eu public health program to be launched soon .
the text we adopt today the extension of six public health programs reflects informal agreements between institutions .
all these factors , acting independently or jointly , which increases their effects , make each day , naturally , millions of people cross the borders of their state of residence to move to other states of the union european , to live , work , study or just travel there .
the european union can not accept that they are given a different treatment depending on the member state where they have been victims of the offense or by nationality .
we should therefore ask ourselves if it is justified to approve this project .
indeed , we can not talk seriously about a europe of citizens without regard to the rights of victims .
liberal group believes that a good report from the discussions in committee , and therefore support the amendments to the commission at the time of voting .
compensation for the victim must have priority over the payment of fines and court costs to the state .
i welcome the proposal of portugal to also improve the position of victims in criminal proceedings , even though i fully respect the views of a legal nature that were previously incurred by m. lehne .
so who would like to participate , including voting in a democracy that would leave aside the problems ?
several amendments to mention the official languages of the european union , providing for the right of victims to communicate in one of these languages .
as i have already said , the commission continues to monitor its communication of 14 july 1999 , working on the concrete measures of assistance to victims , particularly through the proposed support for the european forum of services , assistance to victims .
we take note .
i think the institutions , and in this case the commission should work more seriously for proposals reach the meeting on time and that we can appoint a rapporteur to examine the proposal from the commission , submit amendments , debate in committee , and then discuss in plenary. you asked us to do in one plenary session , which is impossible .
we n &apos; not have the outset of fiscal targets which we submitted our policy .
the thing that constantly tormented us the most during the whole procedure , that was the funding of our external actions .
to the one who will succeed me as rapporteur-general of parliament and chairman of the board , who will return to belgium in the second half of next year , i already wish you much pleasure during negotiations .
i also want to say this clearly : we in this parliament a number of vacancies , from year to year , which saves money in the tens of millions of euros , so we must ask ourselves if we still establish our budget properly .
another reason to treat this theme knees may be the attitude of some members of this assembly , which seem only to want to blindly obey the instructions of the board .
the first point of agreement between the council and the parliament of external actions , that is to say iv budget item for which our institutions share a common goal , that is to say , make a substantial funding for the balkan region in 2001 , given the recent developments in the political situation in serbia , and that without other geographic priorities of the external action of the union have to pay the price .
finally , an agreement was reached on november 23 with an increase in payment appropriations from the 2001 budget , limited to 3.5 % over the 2000 budget .
well , that is in accordance with the iia that the board has left substantial margins in the financial perspective ceilings established in 1999 , particularly sections 3 - internal policies - and for category 4 - external actions .
i hope that it can respond quickly .
the court of auditors has recently confirmed in a special report that we achieved this goal , which means the cohesion funds are properly used .
regarding specific cases of application we have known for two years , that is to say , kosovo and serbia , mobilize the flexibility instrument has funded an exceptional expense by an exceptional effort .
while u.s. companies receive three times more aid and that a country at random , as the turkey spends more than 10 % of the budget of the state agriculture and horticulture , this means that europe wants to get everything without paying anything .
the focus is on the output rather than the input .
fish , commissioner , is a fundamental element of any healthy , balanced diet rich in protein .
we believe that it is absolutely essential that we consider this progress report is to restore the confidence of our citizens in the institutions of the european union .
after a long period of conflict and war , during which our party has acted in a very determined way , it is important that people in the balkans know this : when it is a question of achieving reconstruction , they can rely on us .
you undermine the iia. let me tell you that next year we will look in detail so we can still accept it .
with the ongoing commitment of the flexibility reserve , it &apos;s the transparency of the budget suffers , and in the long run this will lead to a loss of credibility .
i come before you , who represent the peoples of europe , to expose you to the first results of the intergovernmental conference on institutional reforms .
the number of areas in which the vote s &apos; conduct by a qualified majority was , i know , considered by parliament as a priority in the negotiations .
i also noted that this cig s &apos; resulted in an extension of the powers and competences of the european parliament .
the last six months , that is also in the path of growth and employment that europe has progressed .
two months ago , our ministers of education adopted an action plan for mobility - plan 42 steps - and we agreed a substantial endowment of 400 million euros for the media-plus program that is so important to the film and the european audiovisual and - you know - the whole profession expected .
it is now up to the swedish presidency - which i pointed out that the environment is a priority - to lead the second set of proposals that also involves the creation of a european maritime safety agency .
the armed wing union account s &apos; used in full harmony with the features of nato and , if necessary , with the support of them .
france is the paid particular attention .
furthermore , in your own speech at the beginning of the summit , you said that parliament would consider the success of nice not only in terms of quantity but also in quality .
to meet our citizens &apos; , we asked the double majority , the only instrument that is objective , understandable and widely shared by young and old member states .
madam chair , mr. president of the european council , chair of the committee , ladies and gentlemen , the summit has finally produced a result .
how the union can it make decisions on constitutional spending three sleepless nights ?
madam chair , mr. president of the board , chair of the committee , i would like to make a little history on a famous french doctor who s &apos; called coue and invented a method , autosuggestion , based on the principle of autosuggestion and the autoconviction .
for the rest , what a cruel illustration of the crisis , not just institutional , but deeper identity of european integration against the titanic challenges the european union faces !
the technique is now proven strong : always push in later burden of proof , take empty content decisions or remote application and finally the present as a magnificent success .
she upset about everyone , starting with those that are called small countries .
this consideration the interests and differences advice would have avoided the debate on the number of commissioners which s &apos; hook each state .
thank you , mr. hager .
there is a contradiction here ...
before the vote on amendment 22 :
thus , the pediatric use falls sometimes empirical individual recipes. also , it is necessary to promote the development of pharmaceutical products developed specifically for children and their conditions so that the dose and dosage forms to suit their body .
in practice , the summer period has become the normal period .
but when i returned to italy , sir fatuzzo , m &apos; said carlo fatuzzo holiday , for a new identity card and a new license , i have had to make the same statement to the police and carabinieri .
madam chair , i wholeheartedly support this report on improving the protection of victims of crime , which shows once again the commitment of the eu in the fight against crime and in protecting our citizens .
according to my sources , it must be extradited to russia .
heartbreaking results for parliament : the refusal to seriously expand the discussion to the majority , the exclusion of parliament co-decision , and i say in passing , shocking determining the composition without the parliament or even consulted on the composition .
decisions on the voting board and seats in parliament should have been taken at the casino cane and not the acropolis nice with m . chirac in the role of chief dealer .
it seems that the swedish negotiators have been more pleasing to the heart of the major countries to fight to preserve their own influence .
the treaty of nice contains a number of major steps towards an elitist as well as several measures to remove the union of democracies and european union citizens .
that is why , in the future , to move this continent , we must have a method by which an intergovernmental conference based on an agreement in which parliamentarians , not embassies , have the last word .
this is our commitment , mr. chairman prodi , mr. commissioner barnier .
as the european parliament , only the commission has defended the legitimacy , which i thank the president and the prodi barnier commissioner. unfortunately they were alone , which is reflected in the final compromise .
&quot; better not agree that a bad deal , &quot; said the french presidency before the summit in nice , and this morning , if i have understood correctly , we were told in substance &quot; better a bad deal than no agreement at all . &quot;
but the historical omission is nice that behind the decisions it receives no vision for a union that will consist of 27 states .
claim of national governments to give a constitution to europe finally wrecked. the hope that the heads of state and government will consider the defenders of the idea of european unification has definitely failed .
n the old gaps have not been filled and others have been added .
mr. chairman , i would first m associate , too , to praise you just do m. brok and m. tsatsos .
i would just take some criticism , or lessons that i have heard here and there .
i honestly believe that the system - i have e not pretend that it is clear and readable - is a balanced system .
that &apos;s what i take from this debate , this presidency and also the intergovernmental conference .
regarding the treaty of nice , there is little to say , because we don &apos; t even have the conclusions of the european council and , therefore , we can not add anything as we do not see .
moreover , the treaty is a mixture of positive and unsatisfactory elements - unsatisfactory , but still preferable to the status quo , i guess , at least as regards the extension of qualified majority voting , the extension of the codecision procedure for the european parliament and the provisions on enhanced cooperation .
there is the fact that the european parliament plays no role in the framework of enhanced cooperation , while some leaders of national parties - including the labour party during his speech in warsaw - promised that we will proceed to no reform of the structural funds in real terms until 2013 .
mr. chairman , mr. president of the commission , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , there are winners and losers nice , but europe n &apos; certainly not for the winning side , nor that democracy and transparency .
things can not go well .
the outermost regions deserve better and the parliament will continue with the help , i &apos; m sure , m. barnier the commissioner to work to hard to give them all their rightful place within the union .
&quot; we managed to keep things in hand &quot; or &quot; we were able to block eu decisions , &quot; they tell in their own countries .
it &apos;s unfortunate and the only sign of hope is that the european commission has clearly regained her confidence .
the debate is closed .
mr. chairman , i would first of all that we said that the budget for this year is mainly due to the work of all members of the committee , and of course that the work of the president , m. wynn , who wisely managed the various situations that we have experienced , including situations of tension .
member states , at the time , did not fear public opinion and the enlargement to spain and portugal , s is accompanied by a significant mobilization of resources .
the approval of a brs will be essential and therefore , the potential savings will be reduced again consistently , if not in its entirety .
it n &apos; was not qualified in this parliament to return to the majority of article 272 .
then , when i discovered that there n &apos; would be no debate on the revision of article 25 of the aii , j &apos; was pretty disappointed , and the word is weak .
however , the european parliament can not continually revise downward its commitments vis-à-vis the outside .
we use 1.06 % of the gnp of the member states , which gives us greater that it &apos; s ever been , and also higher than what was expected in berlin margin , there is a little less than two years .
policy of the environment , we can not lose ourselves in the establishment of small steps , applied to limited areas , as useful as they can be , not even in the permanent financing and-critic institutions whose work does not particularly remarkable results , as that is the case , for example , in my opinion , the european agency for the environment in copenhagen .
first of all , about the structure of the 2001 budget : it was said that the agricultural budget n &apos; not increased enough .
i think it &apos;s a good thing to be able to activate even when the instrument of flexibility and provide the necessary assistance to serbia , even though i quite agree with you that arrive at the location of an instrument of flexibility traveling through europe , across different countries and regions , and used whenever the need s &apos; arises , can not become a strategy .
i &apos; m expecting that further discussion take place next month in the topical debate and i propose n grant that a limited role in the debate in the resolutions .
several areas can be identified in which the points of convergence can be found , such as in the balkans , in the caucasus region and central asia .
this resource often passes through places experiencing major conflicts .
this underlines the importance of the strategy with russia and also the importance of your report , mr. oostlander .
energy policy , which is related to the policy of the great powers , is an important area of cooperation. one example is the problem of the route used to transport oil and gas from east to west quote .
a member of my party , a radical activist , journalist , was murdered a few weeks ago at tbilisi city clearly mandated by russian forces .
it offers for the northern dimension , a separate budget line and defends an overall increase of aid to russia .
from this interest , the union has developed fields of concrete action in many areas , both in its common strategy for russia than in other documents .
in the preamble , we read , to the point dd : &quot; whereas , russia belarus constituent with a political union , it is important for the democratic legitimacy of russia , the president poutine and the russian government clearly underline firmly and the urgent need for reform and democratic progress in belarus , particularly given the report submitted to minsk october 16 , 2000 by the parliamentary troika of the european union , council of europe and the organisation for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) .
the important nordic dimension in this proposal gets its own appropriation , which is a really important point. about myself , i propose that energy issues become the locomotive of this important project .
other areas where we are trying to support the cooperative efforts of the european union in respect of russia are the rule of law and the consolidation of democracy , civil society , twinning , regional and cross-border cooperation and most importantly , the initiative honeycomb , several mps raised .
a note on kaliningrad. the partnership agreement and cooperation is already yielding an institutional framework for our dialogue with russia on trade , visas and border issues .
applying more favorable visa requirements for citizens of breakaway regions or by exempting completely , the one would support the legitimacy of the regime .
the question was : there were cases where the directive has not been followed and where gmos have been found in nature .
i fear that we entered there in a substantive debate that we don &apos; t have time to discuss here .
council remains deeply concerned by the situation in chechnya : the violence continues , the humanitarian situation remains of great concern to the entry of winter .
the french presidency could m relay and contact us. nielson for the invite with some emphasis to go very quickly in chechnya ?
this one is the is not , because you can see that the chamber is far from full .
mr. chairman , i think the question was fairly accurate .
you &apos;re right , the fight against fraud n is never sufficiently developed .
however , i consider that the proposal submitted by the french presidency is totally unacceptable , and that it did in fact that a goal : keep asylum seekers outside the eu , which in practice likely to have resulted in an increase in illegal immigration .
last month , when i have asked a supplementary question during question time , this president &apos; s had simply evaded saying : &quot; i can only repeat my previous answer &quot; and then reread his answer .
i can assure all the parliamentarians &apos; m questioned the board will take into account their observations .
the board , by all of these decisions , intends to restore consumer confidence in the european union .
you know , we act at all times in the best of our knowledge , so i can not quite make mine this analysis .
these are initiatives that the board has taken or intends to take in the direction of the algerian authorities .
regarding your second question , the board fully share the view of the secretary-general of the united nations for involvement in this exercise , all relevant institutions and experts , research organizations and academic institutions with an interest in the issue of children .
president is very pleased with this outcome as an important step in the implementation of the strategy of turkish pre-accession set last year in helsinki .
guarantees that the author of this question refers include the right for an accused to defend himself or to have the assistance of counsel of his choice , and if it n has no means of pay for legal assistance , to be given it free defense counsel when the interests of justice so require , to have the free assistance of an interpreter if he can not understand or speak the language used in the hearing , to be tried within a reasonable time or to release pending trial .
and , as stated by the board in its previous response , the mutual recognition program that can make improvements in the area of fundamental rights .
the decision to launch an operation in principle take the form of joint action .
the question of the honorable member for the views expressed informally by the chairman of the committee .
mr. chairman , it is with great satisfaction that i present today at the plenary of the european parliament &apos;s report on the stabilisation and association of croatia with the european union .
the european union &apos; s has moreover pointed out at the top of zagreb november 24 .
i do not see any cons-indication is to develop individual relations between the european union , croatia and the balkan countries and develop together regional cooperation , on the other hand .
this issue should be subject to other conditions , namely that access to asylum in croatia must meet international standards and be conducted in a humane manner .
unfortunately there were also serious misbehavior during the reconquest .
hopefully making great strides in these negotiations and be able to finish quickly .
i know that the croatian government insists that the countries participating in the stabilisation and association are judged on an individual basis according to their respective merits .
indeed , in many ways , the hard left to do , but i do not doubt the ability of the people of this country to take up the challenge to travel the difficult reform path , the path that s offer to them and leads to europe .
the problem the government faces is very evident in the regions , under suharto , were used as land migration to cope with overcrowding and operated as if he s &apos; were conquered territories .
eu should do the same .
we are very concerned and are awaiting a response from the european commission to these developments .
but the level of such cooperation must take into account the actual progress made by the country in resolving regional problems and methods , respect for human rights and also the collaboration that the country attaches to a positive development of the process independence of timor lorosae , particularly in terms of solving the problems faced by refugees in west timor , judging and condemning militia members who are guilty of criminal conduct and who recently killed three officials united nations .
revolution in the country and how it s &apos; place remain the basis for cautious optimism .
while the military has less influence , but they still have too much .
same-maij weggen has written an excellent report , and i therefore conclude by saying that europe must do everything in its power to support the country on the path of democracy , but it &apos;s the indonesian them themselves that it is the responsibility of getting rid of the legacy of the suharto regime .
she says in effect , namely , bluntly , the opposite to the essential and demanding reform process forces .
any external intervention other than a support for democratization and the rule of law can not be considered as against-productive and inflammatory to all parties .
it goes without saying that since the clocks were not arrested in indonesia .
only two years ago , the indonesia was still ruled by an authoritarian leader supported by the army .
the debate is closed .
it has been partially overcome and the top nice n &apos; has not altered the situation .
however , opinions differ on how this protection can be assured .
mr. chairman , i can be brief because it &apos; s not the first discussion we have on this subject .
we do not believe that an increase in solutions at the community level can improve the fight against crime to the extent that our efforts will be imbued with as much indifference , carelessness and secrecy that the general administration of eu .
i think the european public prosecutor is no more than a first step on the path to the corpus juris , a body of customary law for the entire continent .
we lose large sums of money simply because that they are not perceived by the member states .
you know , the commission would have preferred that olaf is created as an entirely independent body .
we must not forget that it &apos;s the reluctance of parliament to give the green light to how the taxpayers &apos; money was spent in 1996 , which precipitated the fall of the commission in 1999 .
we rely on the court of auditors that provides us the weapons shoot the gray areas .
we strive to properly monitor the commission and member states , and this report is an effort in this direction .
mr. chairman , i would start by acknowledging the timeliness of this initiative and the diligence with which our rapporteur eluned morgan led her out .
we need to decide whether the situation s &apos; s better or &apos; worse .
indeed , the board still retains the information and did not answer certain questions , particularly regarding the fléchard .
i &apos;m sure the meeting vows wish him all success in this business , even though i &apos;m a little concerned that &quot; discharge &quot; and &quot; procedure &quot; are among the first words that deliver the baby .
i will answer also stauner , which has raised some specific questions that this agreement provides that requests for confidential information shall be placed or sent to the committee by the chairman of the parliamentary committee .
once again , congratulations on your report !
subscribe in a directive that shareholders must receive a fair price about the same effect as saying that an apple when it is ripe , falls from the tree .
so that i can invite the meeting to approve the compromise amendments tabled by the committee on legal affairs and the internal market .
to be effective and useful in the public interest , such a directive must : first , avoid the direct involvement of the courts in preferring a regulator with wide discretionary powers under the authority of the law body , and secondly , have rules on jurisdiction and clarify , so you can use them and thirdly , specify that it is meant for fair price and set appropriate thresholds and fourthly , to ensure that management can not help wrongly shareholders to decisions that they believe should be taken regarding the future of the company in which they hold an interest .
it is true that the regulation of the european parliament not offered this opportunity , transforming these debates pure and simple dialogue of the deaf .
thirdly , clarity : the lack of clarity is particularly evident in the debate on the jurisdiction , an area in which i have little experience .
european institutions did cure of job losses and company closures caused by virtually all mergers or acquisitions of companies .
in addition , if we open the door to defensive measures , we may will make more difficult the restructuring of european markets , including the protection of small shareholders .
or community law or the national law of several member states currently have a binding regulation of business acquisitions .
mr. chairman , i would like to thank the parliament for the attention that he devotes to this proposal and the committee on legal affairs and the internal market , especially the rapporteur - m. lehne - for the work that they have done .
the first is in fact only the holders of securities and the second concerns only the authority .
no third party is not acceptable for the same reasons as apply to all so-called &quot; social &quot; amendments .
this is unacceptable in the european market since that it is incompatible with the requirements of the internal market .
there is a misunderstanding in the database because they think that the use of collective management companies will be mandatory , as that is currently the case in austria .
the socialist group has wanted the parliament to demean accepting proposals ridicule votes that took place in the first reading .
reviews of resale rights do not draw boundaries in political groups but at the level of member states .
c is the artist against the law now .
what that it may , in the name of what principle should we impose a tax on the resale of a table and do not do the same for the benefit of the manufacturer or the tailor , for a car or a costume sold in the second hand ?
for the same reasons , amendment 4 and part of amendment 7 related to this question must also be rejected .
discuss an important topic as we do not have in our own native language of the amendments tabled at the last minute and amendments considered in committee seems quite impossible .
this should be an exception if we have a debate without amendments .
we put ourselves in agreement within the committee to keep the issue of special services such as that laid down in directive 67 / 1997 .
madam chair , i might add many things , but i limit myself to say that there has rarely been such a political consensus between the various committees of the parliament called to decide on a problem .
it is our responsibility .
however , my group defends the idea that we naturally ensure at the same time , as a community and as that member states to establish a framework for universal service .
and yet we are supposed to adhere to the commission &apos;s proposals without even being able to see these studies .
we often pride ourselves here to represent the citizens .
we not lockstep postal monopolies .
to go further , we refer to the 1997 directive .
i am very clear on one particular point .
while electronic communication , such as email , takes off , the former state monopolies remain largely turned inward .
there is a link between all these findings .
i support the limit of 150 grams for prudential reasons .
i am not an opponent or a priori market liberalization , but the request was made , namely an analysis in formal , qualified , non rushed and in consideration of all the consequences to be expected , n &apos; was not satisfied , and that is why the compromise is now presented to me acceptable .
fortunately we have a directive that requires transparency from public companies and i can assure you that the gross subsidies will scrutinized .
i have the impression that you don &apos; t understand anything , and it does not appear that you have listened to the arguments that have been presented .
users will be the losers , with employees , and european competitiveness and growth regress .
the proposed liberalization n &apos; not go without causing a significant impact on the services provided in the countryside , on workers and everyday users of the post .
it is regrettable that the commission has preferred rushing headlong in s &apos; taking an ideological proposal that does not take into account the views of the population .
this sector suffers from fierce competition from these new technologies .
invoke realism as does the plural left to try to get a compromise with some of the right is a way to disguise his own capitulation to private interests .
this figure is more than enough to support public service tasks , such as adequate provision of universal service and uniform rates .
no i have nothing to learn from the labour party about rural areas .
mr. chairman , let me congratulate the rapporteur , mr. ferber , that n has not been easy , it &apos;s the least that can be said .
it &apos;s a decision you &apos;ll regret .
mr. chairman , given the discussions that preceded the committee realizes the importance of this subject in the eyes of parliament i have to also examined with great attention the many amendments to the draft directive .
in short , it may to prove to be insufficient and too late , and to halt the momentum for change if necessary , a seriously detrimental to adjustments being made and dangerous to use long term .
first of all , the head of the british positions , m. john roberts , who pointed out that competition led to improvements in quality and efficiency as well as a decrease in prices .
monopoly postal services may ossify them and cause loss of volume which , in turn , lead to job losses .
we must feed the dynamics of change in progress , start the first concrete step in the process and set a timetable for reforms .
i note that the postal services help us to warm the atmosphere of the chamber and i &apos; m happy .
the report proposed , including the refusal of automatic switchover tariff only a tariff preference for acp 300 euros minimum , an evaluation and possible revision of the internal aspects of the cmo .
for the rest , our position remains the same thus : period of application of the system for at least ten years in order to ensure legal certainty for producers and operators review after ten years , no automatic transition to tariff only , tariff preference of eur 300 for acp. we asked for guarantees in case management system of &quot; first come - first served &quot; tariff quotas would be established by the commission , as it will have serious repercussions on producers acp , unable today to their place in the boat race which will soon s open .
m . schwaiger told you in the previous debate , you need to gather more information complementing the different perspectives on the problem .
the implementation of the compromise made that s &apos; listed in the standards of the wto , must be analyzed by the european commission in a report that the parliament will consider in a reasonable time , depending on the findings of this report and its analysis , it will propose the measures which are binding , as the rapporteur points out in his work .
mr. chairman , for puzzled observers like me , you go to the bizarre surrealism in this case .
s powerful forces &apos; against it .
but i think we can expect a negative impact on smaller traders and producers acp .
mr. chairman , i note first effort of the european parliament , which seeks to achieve a balanced solution in the complex web of interests surrounding the banana cmo .
conflict with the wto has led to retaliation in the form of trade sanctions and it &apos; s not easy to explain it to exporters in the member states affected a totally arbitrary manner in areas that don &apos; have nothing to do .
the important thing is to save time in the final straight and i propose to vote in favor of the report m. dary .
mr. president , once again , our meeting will decide on the issue of bananas and i congratulate michel dary for the outstanding work he has done .
we want to strengthen our cooperation with the republic of korea and we have today a great opportunity to discuss recent developments on the korean peninsula .
( parliament approves the proposal of the committee )
mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen , i would like to confirm the position of the commission regarding the amendments adopted last night by our colleague bolkestein .
( president declares approved as amended common position )
it becomes &quot; home of croatian citizens of serbian origin . &quot;
( parliament accepts the oral amendment )
i would like to support the important decision to vote eg the introduction of graphic warnings on cigarette packages. it s &apos; is a huge step forward for public health because we now have labels and images on cigarette packages that reflect that it actually costs to smoke .
court of justice of the european communities m has moreover given reason .
n this measurement does not take up smoking less harmful but to summarize exporting jobs cigarettes .
they deceive people for far too long .
it is a question of important programs that aim to improve public health , the fight against cancer , aids prevention , the fight against drug addiction , health monitoring and pollution-related diseases .
i do not see why we can not also leave the public sector to manage its own social security .
then i think we need to worry too - soon , hopefully - the haunt of artists .
so i think that this directive will move the international market of art outside the european borders .
. beyond the effects of the announcement of good intentions on the stability , the rule of law , the fight against corruption , the report oostlander n &apos; is that a vote of confidence m. poutine .
maij-weggen report ( a5-0323 / 2000 )
and if we add to the corruption of european officials corrupt officials from national government agencies , fraud increases . &quot;
the institution of this new authority should not lead to leakage of sovereignty in the main field .
i would like to apologize to parliament .
i have received many letters that show that it is a question of an issue that ignites minds .
all must be in balance .
but the commission can certainly provide this information annually to parliament on the basis of information available .
regarding amendments 19 and 32 on organic bananas , i would again point out that there are already horizontal measures to ensure the equivalence of organic bananas from third countries and those produced in the community .
more relationships will be good , the world will be safer and our people .
there are differences in our approaches to these issues , but i hope that this summit will send a positive message about the need to continue our efforts together , including s &apos; tackling sensitive issues such as the access to drugs affordable with tiered pricing .
kosovo in belfast , millions of european citizens will be grateful and i know that this parliament will join me in paying tribute today to him .
i think you mentioned an important point .
lesotho s is asked , &quot; that brought the lesotho liberalization undertaken by the wto ?
i believe that the dialogue between the european union and the united states should be utilized to finally achieve this goal .
i have been interested in that said same lucas about world trade and the importance of trying to satisfy itself that a trade more free to serve both the interests of the poor than the rich people .
the subject is closed .
j &apos; emphasize this point because some amendments want to establish a zero vat for services which , in my opinion , are of no essential or social .
this solves , in my opinion , the problem of discrimination and meets the objective of simplification .
mr. chairman , and commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , the commission and the parliament have made efforts in recent years to harmonize the collection of vat in the european union .
the commission of the industry has adopted several proposals by thirty-nine votes against three .
there are underlying assumptions in this proposal on the place of taxation that could cause problems in the future in an international context .
all good reasons to observe carefully whether the airline pay its external costs is not unfair to buses and trains competition .
when that happens between the member states of the european union , then vat is charged .
it is very unfortunate that there n &apos; still exists to this day no framework directive on the taxation of energy production .
liberals therefore share the ambitions of the committee , but we have a lot of trouble understanding the specific proposals that it presents .
i believe that it is important to have criteria in business !
mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen , the proposal from the european commission which aims to impose vat on the purchase of digital products downloaded directly from the network by the resident consumers in union with companies from third countries is a serious blow to the development of e-commerce .
so , regarding the commission proposal to extend the timetable for reform , i can only express my neutrality .
i am opposed to the desire to harmonize the vat ms torres brands , but i would especially like to mention the ratio of m. garcía-margallo on electronic commerce .
all states redistribute at least 30 and often 40 and sometimes more than 50 % of national wealth is created in the year .
should be the minimum , a maximum rate possible rate , but it should be left to states a margin to their own micro-economic policies .
personally , i have proposed an amendment on the harmonization of vat rates to correct the effects of unfair competition because , on vat rates , operators of third countries , when to register , a very large choice recording , given the significant differences - between 15 and 25 % - whereas community operators n do not have that choice .
if in addition we tax unilaterally aviation fuel in europe , european companies have a really hard to stay competitive with non-european companies .
no this is not the way we organize society , and that is why i believe that it is a question of an excellent proposal .
not only air fares increase dramatically - probably 80 pounds per ticket , threatening the very existence of smaller carriers - but the damage would affect more industrial aerospace , tourism , trade , and obviously , freight carriers - they carry today one third of global air freight .
i think , as m. skinner , the proposals of the rapporteur , mr. garcía-margallo y marfil , on the vat applied to electronic commerce are good .
i would like to express only the taxation of aviation fuel .
impose a vat to suppliers mainly american third country , is not only impractical , but in the case of newspapers and books , creates inconsistencies between a product sold online and the same product sold in stores .
third point : the eu should not establish a right too hasty and should do everything in its power to strengthen the european e-commerce and not the insecure .
the results of this consultation were discussed in the ecofin council at the end of november .
a variety of details has yet to be resolved .
c is in this context that the proposal seeks to maintain the existing harmonization of vat rates confirming the minimum level of 15 % for the standard rate .
however , i would like to remind that the current eu tax legislation does not permit tax only domestic and intra-eu flights .
a year after the sinking of the erika , we must all ask ourselves if we were able , or not , to meet the expectations of citizens .
if the omi n &apos; not adopt the necessary measures , the committee submits to the parliament and the council a proposal on a community regime for liability and compensation for oil pollution .
parliament has made its decision on november 30 , they had a good model , and we decided quickly .
regarding the issue of responsibility , i will simply say that the current fund is not enough to compensate all damages caused by the spill of erika .
mr. ortuondo , regarding your comments about article 6 , the responsibility for minor pollution , i will first see what the council , but the parliament already has a position on the subject .
the overall objective of this legislation was to eliminate distortions of competition through the establishment of a fair mechanism impacting infrastructure costs of road hauliers and harmonize sampling systems in the internal market of the eu .
i thought the two would be addressed at the same time , but this n &apos; is apparently not the procedure of the meeting .
policy to adopt vis-à-vis imports from third countries will be decided based on this evaluation .
the role of the european union &apos; s not to fund the promotion of hatred and war .
i asked you on the participation of the commission to educational programs , and you m &apos; have responded to side , mr. commissioner .
he will explore opportunities to expand this segment of the eu budget ?
let me say about the texaco center for social and economic rights is the responsibility of a high number of abortions and an abnormally high cancer rates equator .
how does it , from january 2001 to ensure the survival of the rest of the industry from unfair competition from korea , shown in this latest report again ?
mr. commissioner , i feel , above all , relieved , in some way , to see that the commission has worried and , perhaps , occupied the problem .
we think it might not be the case in extending assistance to all-out operation. instead , the board must be prepared to give specific and targeted if the actions taken on his behalf by the commissioner lamy would not give results for the sector of the european union instrument .
the price increase resulting from anti-dumping measures should allow recovery of profitability of the coke industry .
this proposal , which follows the multiple commitments of the community in favor of ldcs , aims to promote the inclusion of these in the global economy .
i am sure all my colleagues are grateful .
this makes the connection with the issue of same kinnock .
for this purpose , you may be able to reassure me start by saying when the impact study will be available so that we can quote it to shatter some of the apocalyptic allegations surrounding your proposal and then give us some more details on the safeguard clause i think you are planning to introduce this measure and the transition period leading up to its definitive entry into force .
these instruments are also available from organizations such as the ecpat and partners with whom they cooperate in the countries concerned .
we had a special project for it .
why the european patent office is located in this city .
it is a question here of a point of view quite understandable , and i share .
commission will therefore take all measures it deems necessary .
the commission shall inform the honorable member that a complaint is pending on the metro project thessaloniki .
in this regard , i would also point out that from the time the agreement on the concession will be known in greece , the complainant will have eight months to form his own opinion and file a complaint with the commission .
the legal definition of a strike is a competence of the member state .
i would like to thank m. the commissioner s &apos; has striven to provide an answer , but i want to point out that , for the moment , greece , students are faced with the state of confusion following : on the one hand , the centers of free studies argue that , on the basis of directive 89 / 48 / cee , they are authorized to issue certificates of studies likely to be recognized , provided that these studies are completed in britain and the other , the greek authorities and relevant agencies refuse to recognize these diplomas awarded on completion of studies in britain .
proclaim the island raippaluoto off vaasa independent kingdom , which allow owners in question to continue practicing the duty-free sales .
i am , however , sure i can say on behalf of my colleague michel barnier that the facts mentioned by the honourable member will be duly taken into account in the analysis of this proposal .
let me briefly say what is the important part of my report and the point i think that it is a key priority for this parliament , namely the issue of linguistic diversity .
it is essential that we convainquions commercial providers gains and potential investment opportunities in companies which take into account linguistic diversity and exploitation of public sector information .
this means that digital content is a chance for all those who n have not had access to the school or throughout their lives , or because they are disabled , and i hope that this will allow a better digital content approach .
must also locate the production of content , which means the adaptation of products based on linguistic and cultural needs and preferences of consumers .
mr. chairman , i would like to congratulate ms. gill &apos;s report .
content providers , the creative sector , who are ultimately responsible for the production of such content and that s &apos; also address the e-content program should therefore be involved in the consultation .
before concluding , mr. chairman , let me make one last important point , one last question to the commission .
i would like to thank the parliament for its strong support for the program &apos;s budget .
the debate is closed .
speech is the rapporteur , m. roo .
structural excess noise affects people &apos;s health and reduce their quality of life .
the committee on the environment proposes concrete standards for the years 2006 , 2012 and 2020 here .
reason for a popular party like ours , the ppe , not to let air traffic escape european regulation and also not wanting to distinguish between military and civilian air traffic .
my group does not support , however , the view of the rapporteur of wanting to fix now by this directive maximum levels of ambient noise for airports .
i therefore agree with the rapporteur roo when it proposes not to waste more time and turn this directive on the assessment and management of noise in a binding framework directive .
in another group , there would be technical problems .
it is the member states that , according to their customs , would set the duration of this period in a given range .
i am very surprised to hear one or the other to say that he daughter directives we need .
we therefore need the framework directive and a combined approach. that is why i believe that many of the decisions of the committee on the environment , public health and consumer policy is true and accurate .
no this is not what we want .
we will make a big step forward when we get comparable information on the noise around airports .
the debate is closed .
no study has ever been made .
mr. chairman , at this late hour and with a piece of carrot in the throat , i think not having much to say to my colleagues .
these people are aware , for many years , how cellulose is used as a binder , mostly in bread .
as i have already explained in the second reading , a crisis is the basis of this amendment to the directive .
i think our parliament greatly improves the common position of the council and i recommend approval of the text of joint project .
. ( in ) i want to thank the european parliament for supporting the position of the european commission and to the remarkable efforts to meet the concerns of the board .
we know that the commission is preparing to present a sustainable development program for the entire european union , which should be ready in six months .
as that legislative body , we should never seek to exacerbate the conflict between town and country .
credits are primarily for networks of cities organized at european level for their activities in the development and dissemination of good practice in sustainable urban development .
moreover , in practice , that is at the local level that the decisions we make in this parliament should be implemented .
i believe that this innovative approach can be an example to be followed by others .
the commission can not accept amendments 1 , 3 , 4 , 9 , 14 , 17 , 21 , 26 , 31 , 38 and 39 .
indeed , even if the media s &apos; are the echo for a short time , the precautionary principle does not just make an appearance on the international legal scene .
mr. president , commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the committee on legal affairs and the internal market has raised some points on the precautionary principle , points one finds from elsewhere in the excellent report by our colleague , even country .
the public does not want to bear the brunt of hazardous technological innovations that it proves a few or many years later that they have undue risk to public health or the environment .
i am in favor of the precautionary principle. but i would like to raise one point of concern .
should keep certain themes in mind to ensure proper operation .
first , it does not exist minimum threshold below which the precautionary principle could not be upheld since , even in low-risk , it can be done using the precautionary principle .
in the amendments that i have tabled , i tried to clarify these points and remove some unnecessary parts .
it is incomprehensible that the european union remains insensitive to dozens of independent scientific studies that indicate a potential risk of mobile phones on human health .
producers and manufacturers must be able to present evidence of the safety of their products .
mr. chairman , accommodated all the sauces , depending on the circumstances and interests of the moment , the precautionary principle may be the best as the worst thing .
we consider that it is a general principle that should be considered in the areas of protection of the environment and human health , animal and plant .
thank you very much , mr. commissioner liikanen .
our european community is first and foremost a community of values based on respect for the rule of law .
we know that , personally , we are not important , but we believe that what unites us and mobilizes takes the importance , namely the rejection of criminal terrorism of eta and our unequivocal support for the rule of law spanish , today threatened by a totalitarian project of violent secession .
ladies and gentlemen , as democrats , we are obviously supporters of dialogue between the various democratic parties , because democracy itself is a permanent dialogue .
we have to sign the 2001 budget .
( by successive votes , parliament adopted the two legislative resolutions )
( the meeting agrees to the filing of the oral amendment ) ( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
before moving to explanations of vote to all those and all those that i did not see him again , i wish you a very merry christmas .
since its inception , the cohesion fund has had a significant impact in two areas of great community interest - the environment and trans-european networks - and provided a good example of effective implementation of the eu budget and the rate of implementation of the highest of all the community budget .
we ask that , in january , a brs importance illustrates the interest that this assembly intends to address this issue .
the luxembourg government is naturally invited to be vigilant , but also to ensure compliance with treaties .
it must undergo further reform in the future , especially to make way for the enlargement of the eu .
mr. president , i voted for this report on food additives , and in particular for the prohibition of the use of sodium alginate to keep carrots .
i suggest that you also send a copy of malta , since the only explanation of vote that no decision has not made is , i think , when we talked about malta .
so , today , i voted ferber report on &quot; european postal services &quot; it is because i think that in the current balance of forces in europe and in the european parliament , we got the best that we could get to avoid the disappearance of the public postal service in europe !
i really regret that parliament has finished in the vote by supporting a very damaging position for consumers .
i strongly refute this false allegation .
it is not enough to advocate liberalization if we do not understand the effects of our decisions .
suede , this proposal has already been partially implemented and we can now see that it has created a worse that situation before .
we hope that the negotiations s &apos; open soon and that they will lead to an agreement consistent with the commitments we made in the framework of the wto and with the interests of our traditional suppliers .
things are very clear : i do not underestimate the importance of this organization . i refuse to others , this n &apos; is not globalization !
second , the report deals too negatively linguistic and cultural diversity .
it is clear that europe is able to meet the challenge of the markets , with the advantages that it has on the economic and employment and , of course , with its rich cultural and linguistic diversity - that are explicitly contained in the notion of linguistic minority and regional languages - face to monolingualism which characterizes much of the &quot; network &quot; .
mr. chairman , i have asked my daughter elisabetta - which , as you know , is regional deputy pensioners party in lombardy - give me an opinion on this board nice : that she thought if she felt that i had to vote for .
it is now ready for the accession of candidate states .
maybe they will be successful , at least momentarily , but at the cost of serious drawbacks : more supranational , less democracy , heavier in germany in the decision process .
this trend may seem legitimate in the eyes of some , since it tends to translate into the respective institutions in terms of weight of country populations .
it could therefore result in more difficulties in the implementation of laws which are binding in areas of the environment , consumer protection and the working environment , and we strongly urge countries to demonstrate to a sense of responsibility and improve the effectiveness of decision-making procedures in the council .
negotiations were difficult , but the power of the union was reflected in his determination to find solutions acceptable to all .
this situation is aggravated by the widening of decisions by qualified majority , 14 countries may , under certain conditions , to make decisions on behalf of 27 or 28 , since &apos; the right of veto over major political is eliminated in practice for portugal , such as the structural funds or agreements on trade policy .
we maintain unanimity in council and therefore a latent inability to act .
for our part , as europe is that it is , questions of constitutional significance or a fundamental interest for the states , such as those that have been discussed in nice , can not be resolved in another way. l must be unanimous .
this has the effect of increasing the power of large countries to the detriment of children .
these low prices are not only the result of staff reductions and other cost savings but also public policy .
&quot; &quot; then go to bed and make love .
while the realization structures are passed to a project approach to a program approach in this program - that one can already challenge , because a portion of the nearby citizens , the added value and european visibility is already lost , in my opinion , and because member states n &apos; not all created regional authorities - innovative actions under the esf maintain a project approach .
the trick is to determine which , but we also have the strength to admit that in case of failure , we should not bail them out at the expense of state and adopt a strategy that takes into account this aspect .
tourism is an important economic activity , even in some outlying areas .
it &apos;s a good value and is based on a good document of the commission .
i agree especially that the instruments of territorial policy should be oriented towards sustainability , strengthening economic and social cohesion , and , above all , the creation of skilled jobs , economically viable and sustainable .
first point : we , and the people there , consider innovative measures were a useful step for local authorities and communities that are not actually part of the structural funds , but should be included , in order to learn to manage small projects to be able to play a more effective role in the dominant programs in the years to come .
is in their way and the added value of the direct relationship between the european and the dome closer to the problems of citizens public institutions is lost .
that is why we have chosen as strategic priorities these three priorities : technological innovation , company information , but also regional identity and sustainable development .
i understand your desire to maintain direct links between the european union and the regional and local actors .
thank you , mr. commissioner .
decision of the board and the commission to negotiate for four months without further subsidies , then decide from 1 may 2001 , based on the results , if subsidies can still be extended , that will lead to the european shipbuilding industry is not will stall almost no contract in the first four months of 2001 , at least in the hotly contested areas .
of other countries , such as japan , are also affected .
another concern regarding the sixth framework program for research and development in the project , the line &quot; marine technology &quot; , which existed in the fifth , seems today , have disappeared .
mr. chairman , at the approach of the end of the year , a debate on the situation in the shipbuilding sector seems to have become a tradition .
in recent weeks , the commission said that the grant scheme , through which our industry survives , should be deleted in january on behalf of a supposedly improving its competitiveness .
so therefore , it &apos;s the state that pays a good portion , if not the entirety , of the profits of the company .
this is because we are unable to report a situation of unfair competition .
debates within the oecd have progressed little , very little progress , and the possibility of concluding a binding international agreement in the field of shipbuilding industry seems distant .
he urged the committee to continue to monitor the market situation , to follow closely the tbr procedure to include , where appropriate , the case to the wto , and to discuss the issue of shipyards all relevant international forums .
british submarine in gibraltar
there , showing an absolute command on the spot , they were stationed .
mr. chairman , with regard to the repair of british submarine tireless in gibraltar , it should be noted that the expected of the commission .
i would humbly suggest they support our motion .
then , it must require the all the necessary information we provide to the public , as shown euratom the treaty .
honorable members have raised a number of questions about the presence of the nuclear submarine hms tireless in gibraltar , which needed repair the reactor .
british authorities say that it n &apos; there will be no transport of radioactive waste passing through the member states and that they maintain regular contact with the spanish authorities .
it is a question of a technical problem that requires a technical answer. faster repair is completed , the better for everyone .
we all support the right to self-determination .
it is especially significant , and it &apos;s at this point that i would like to emphasize , in that it shows what state is the so-called united europe and in this respect it is almost even fun for separatists .
it is a shame that at the moment 11 nuclear submarines to attack the 12 in service in the royal navy are capitalized. four are being repaired and seven showed signs of fatigue such as those that secure the tireless hms .
the actual case is more serious than all this since it relates to the community territory , hundreds of thousands of human beings , not only spanish , obviously , but also of all nationalities , especially british .
i would point to return to the content of draft resolutions on the role of the commission , that the british government does not consider that the treaty is applicable euratom in military situations of this type .
these feelings have led the debate , that is understandable , but the honourable members know that responding on behalf of my colleague wallström , i must be content to determine as clearly as possible what is and what is not within the competence community .
b5-0928 / 2000 m . watson , on behalf of eldr group
suicide mostly among young unable to bear their plight .
he participated in specific operations when the secretary general or other authority of the united nations was asked and agreed with the countries concerned .
we will continue to work in this spirit to develop proposals for the successor instrument to the dublin convention , the qualification for refugee status on the basis of the geneva convention and subsidiary forms of protection .
the committee also works closely with the hcr in order to ensure a smooth transition between humanitarian and development .
b5-0929 / 2000 members haarder and malmström , on behalf of eldr ,
solana , we were told , included these requirements , but one has also said , and i quote , that it was difficult to deal with a system such as that of milosovic .
we can start with that and combine it with an amnesty .
the request to the president kostunica to release all political prisoners in the period milosovic also requires relentless diplomatic efforts of the european council and the commission in belgrade , especially since most of the serb political prisoners , to my knowledge , was released in the meantime , if n is those of albanian origin kosovo .
i can assure you , ladies and gentlemen , that it &apos;s an issue i &apos; m take care - not only as a result of this debate - during my next visit to belgrade after the elections on 23 december .
mozambique-b5-0907 / 2000 m . queiró , on behalf of uen group ;
in tunisia .
i recall that , during a mission of the european parliament in argentina , the former alfonsín president told us that democracies sometimes reminiscent of other democracies and post-mortem , that is to say , when it n &apos; , is more democracy .
mr. chairman , the european parliament calls southern africa to the agenda , particularly mozambique , one of the poorest countries in the world , you will recall , was devastated last year by tremendous natural disaster .
we regret that the other political groups n &apos; were not willing to do this time .
therefore , we urge the commission to ensure strict monitoring conditions in this country who obviously deserves to be considered as respect for human rights .
tunisia
it &apos;s also the case of mehdi zougah franco-tunisian citizen arrested in tunis on august 11 , at the airport .
the house of aloes edition , whose premises have been closed for several months , is prevented from publishing freely .
the grounds for prosecution are very vague .
mr. chairman , i would like to begin by thanking the solidarity expressed by other colleagues on the latest assassination of the terrorist group eta .
request a meeting of the board of on the situation of human organization man in tunisia must be followed by real effects ...
our experience in chile in the field of democracy and human rights has been crucial for future projects in other countries .
in the coming weeks , we will examine the results of the dialogue between the two political leaders , or take note of the absence of such a dialogue .
the next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions :
n and it is no coincidence that the oau and many african heads of state unequivocally condemn the ivorian .
the collapse in the price of cocoa , the crushing weight of external debt and rising fuel prices , among others , have pushed the country to a domestic situation marked by rising tensions , a significant deterioration of the social climate , an increase in unemployment and poverty .
we , members of the parliament , we have a duty to defend the rights of the people of cote d &apos; ivoire - and elsewhere - a fair and properly organized democratic system with a non-partisan judiciary .
i want to say clearly that the committee shares the opinion of parliament that the process of transition from a military coup to an elected government in cote d &apos; ivoire is far away , and this is an understatement , the democratic standards that we want see applied .
regarding the slanderous allusions pronounced against me , i must say that i don &apos; t act so normally and i &apos; ve wanted at any time alter the normal course of the debate .
as you know , sir , i spoke twice already this afternoon in parliament on this issue , but what i have spoken c &apos; was the jurisdiction of the commission , not the omni-competence .
the european parliament is sovereign in determining the schedule .
address this problem , it is necessary to exercise great sensitivity and work towards development of a series of important policy holistic &apos; absolutely essential to intergenerational solidarity &apos; and the realization of social security , social protection , especially to ensure that each country included in its cultural concepts the idea that older people are not a burden to society , but that they must be considered as a resource : a resource human foremost , then a social resource , a cultural resource and also , finally , a vast heritage of experience that must be transmitted to younger generations .
reflection that develops and political action that we need to do in this area is of particular importance during this period when the european union began to modernize its social model inextricably linking economic development , social progress , quality of life and social integration of all citizens .
the low employment rate of older workers is a topic that the european parliament should have s attacking much earlier .
this shortage is even used as an excuse to raise the retirement age and to nullify the primers reduction previously initiated .
oecd has researched this issue a few years ago and published reports .
this report largely ignores their valuable contribution to society .
mr. chairman , the commission communication is , i think , an important step in the history of social policy because it puts an end to a period where the evocation of the third age was considering it as the generation of poor or disabled .
because markets do s &apos; interest that young people and their purchasing power , matters concerning the elderly remain the responsibility of the policy .
one of the colleagues said it well : it &apos; s not that we live too long , it &apos; s not that our society is too old but a few centuries ago people died much earlier than the good god the wanted by inscribing in our genes .
it &apos;s a miscalculation , given the current demographic situation and future , and also taking into account the assets of today are tomorrow inactive in economic terms .
article 13 of the report that i have submitted to parliament in october confirms that the discrimination related to age is practiced .
moreover , i do not wish at all costs that all women are active as we want rather than the participation of women in the workplace is reinforced by family and fiscal policy .
i have photographs of him , when the tricolor was raised again on the mount dolphin and briançon .
the problem of aging is one of the most important objectives that determine the new process of cooperation in the field of social protection .
we go to vote .
this approach is highly desirable to the lines of what is already being done to promote agricultural products in third countries .
it could lead to a consensus that , no doubt , knowing the magnanimity of the commission , would be to accept all of our amendments .
mr. chairman , ladies and gentlemen , as a member of the working group on the wto and in particular as responsible for the sme , i can only congratulate the committee for this report and this measure because it provides large-scale developments and oriented towards the future .
it s &apos; course is a significant opportunity for the rural world , and precisely fill the distance between major centers , and new opportunities are emerging that , ultimately , certainly will be worth of , be taken into consideration .
we now hope that parliament will follow widely and , of course , i prompt my group to support you completely .
that for calves we add fat from the manufacture of animal meal - which is obviously very suspicious with regard to the transmission of mad cow disease - is another source of contamination to young animals .
the system of promotion is one of the elements of dysfunction agricultural policy of the eu .
i &apos; sincerely hope this will not be offered any ideological point of view of what healthy and safe , but that it &apos;s &apos; act of information based on appropriate scientific data .
the concept of information measures and trade promotion , which complement national measures , requires a strong commitment from the member states through co-financing and control measures .
without the search , it seems that i will be the last speaker of the year 2000 .
to return to fallow we could consider that in practice fallow n &apos; is not the result of crop rotation but rather that companies use the bad lands for permanent leave fallow and undertake operations increasingly intensive chemical and other crop rotations .
consider , ms. lulling , the additional seconds that i gave to you your christmas present .
i fully supports the contribution of our liberal colleague mulder january .
